I just moved to Germany two months ago and bought an 07 MDX from another military member. It has everything I could want. We just returned from a week driving through the Alps and this SUV is simply amazing. Granted, I get to drive it much faster than I could in the states, but even at 120 MPH, it was rock solid. We need the AWD for the snow and the kids stay entertained with the AV system. Plenty of passing power and very comfortable on long trips. Acuras are rare in Germany and I get stares all the time by curious Bavarians wondering what kind of vehicle I have. If you are in the market for a luxury SUV for family touring, with cool tech toys to play with, MDX can't be beat. 
After months of careful research and test drives at BMW, Lexus, Volvo, etc. I settled on the MDX without a doubt in mind. I love the way the car handles, no stiffness or resistance in the steering or acceleration. The interior design is a little Star Trek for me, but once I figured everything out, it is a pleasure to have all the extras (XM radio, navigation, Bluetooth, backup camera, etc.)
I'm two years into a three year lease and I love this car. The only thing I would change would be the shape of the grill...THAT'S IT. Everything else is perfect. Great performance, plenty of power and AWD when skiing, plenty of room for baggage, great MPG for an SUV, navi system is far superior to GM's Suburban (don't have to put in park to change your destination, etc). Zero problems...just gas and oil changes. One beautiful car...except for the sho-gun shield looking grill.
First luxury crossover SUV I have owned. MDX won out over the Lexus, and cost less for a very well equipped base package. Handling, power and ride are outstanding. Back seats are a little less comfortable for my tall teenagers. Back cargo area is very roomy, and easily expandable with 3rd seat folded and back seats down. I drive up snowy, often treacherous mountain canyons to ski in the winter. The SH-AWD system, coupled with the manual shift mode (for descents), is outstanding. The MDX is much better in the snow than 3 truck base SUVs, I have owned previously. 
This is the first Japanese SUV we have had in a while. Last SUV's were Yukon XL and Envoy XL. This beats them out by far. Performs almost as well as our Mercedes e class but has the utility of our Envoy. We always take this on trips and it is very comfortable. The third row is great for smaller children but not so much for adults. Best SUV so far. No problems within our almost 2 years ownership.
I have owned my MDX for about 1 1/2 yrs & have loved every minute of driving the 24k problem free miles on it! It is so much fun to drive; looks & feels luxurious so no problem pulling up to upscale places! I didn't want to give up space to pop things in the back and go so I keep the third seat down & purchased the rubber mat for the back. I have plenty of room while at the same time I am "zippy"; easily pulling into parking spaces and getting around town. I love the navigation system, although it does need updating and the bluetooth is wonderful, although for some reason it keeps unhooking my Treo phone which the Acura people say is the phone's fault. LOVE IT & would buy it again.
It is a fun SUV to drive. The engine is smooth, the white lights are super bright, the sound system is amazing and it does not feel like a big car behind the wheels. It handles amazingly well in the snow and would likely recommend it to anyone. I just went through a B1 service, oil change and tire rotation, which cost me $56. It seems fair compared to the maintenance on the Audi. We do a lot of highway driving and average 19 MPG and it took about 7500 miles before the service light came on. We have an Accord and Honda USA treated us well. We got rid of our Audi and went with a Honda product. We made the right choice. 
I'm a realtor in Colorado and went up to Whale Rock Road in Bellvue to list a home. The owner said I would need chains to get up and down the hills. I took a chance and drove up the hill without any issues, used the manual transmission to drive down the switch backs and snowy, icey hills to "civilization" and the car basically drove me down. When I would've shifted it was already where I wanted it. I generally do not drive off-road and was amazed at the handling capability. This car is quiet, comfortable and stylish with plenty of room. (Love the storage and 3rd row seat when needed). I'm thrilled I have the MDX! Thank you Acura you have a fan, who is living to talk about it! 
I now have over 18,000 trouble free miles on my MDX. It is one of the best vehicles I have ever owned. Very comfortable on long trips. Performance is even better with a K&N low resistance air filter.
This is by far the best SUV I have owned. Power on demand, luxury interior, gas mileage is all right. It is top quality vehicle, can't beat it.
I picked up the car in Feb and after 1 month of driving I still absolutely love the car. It drives very smooth, I have the dvd player and navi, and both are very user friendly. I am constantly getting compliments on it and I would purchase this car again if i had to do it again! I used to drive a mercedes c240 2005, but this is much much better!
Favorite Features
This vehicle is very expensive, needs a lot to improve, power steering is very hard, wind noise, low fuel mileage, noise in front suspension.
This car is quite comfortable, with a 300 hp engine. A unique design inside and out. I love driving this car.
In love with this car! Gorgeous interior, heavy tech features without the heavy price! Did a 7 hour road trip with family. Wife was in back seat reclined back enjoying a movie with our son while I was listening to ESPN XM radio up front. We had their temp set to 78 as they are always cold and I was feeling good around 72 degrees since I am always warm... very nice!! Excellent acceleration and handling. Previous review said they had heavy steering. I do not have this problem at all. This vehicle has surpassed our expectations and I would be very suprised if it doesn't win a lot of awards!! 
I recently picked up my 2007 tech and entertainment MDX on 2-23-07. It has been truly a great purchase. I traded in a 2006 Mercedez-Benz that had multiple problems to an upgraded dream. All of the technology is great. I offer to drive my friends around just so I can feel the comfort of the seats. I am a stay home mom with 2 kids. This car has plenty of room for everyone. I highly recommend it.
Just got the MDX. Love it. It is such a great car for me. I have owned two Hondas in the past (civic and accord) and wanted another Honda but wanted more luxury than the Pilot. So the Acura was the answer. It's a great ride, everything I need. I'm a 5'1 female and I love it. I have a two and a half year old and we added a side rail (step) and glad we did, little guy can get in easier by himself and I use it to buckle him in without stretching.
I have had my 07 MDX for about 2 months now, I love the thing from its fun to drive to its looks. Only problem was a loose rear suspension bolt that made noise over some bumps. Dealer took care of that and now its as solid as anything out there. Fuel economy isnt all that great in the city but on the highway its very good. Its a new design so only time will tell what the recalls will be if any. But so far with 2000 miles on it its great.
I just traded in my 2002 MDX for the New 2007 MDX and am about to trade again! The new car is significantly smoother to drive except the steering is so heavy it feels as if your are driving a truck 3 times heavier. The whole driving experience is that of a much larger car then the old one, but when I get out and look at it, it looks much smaller then the replaced MDX. My wife actually has a hard time parking in small parking lots because of the steering. This is a big negative. The build quality is superb and there are lots of improvements, but be warned the driving experience is anything but nimble.
Excellent vehicle. Took it on a cross country trip from CA to NY with absolutely no problems. With highway driving, I get close to 23 mpg, but when driving around town, I usually get about 15 (I drive pretty aggressively I guess). Build quality and design is superb, and the options you get for the price compared to cars in its class is considerable. Only thing that I'd really like to see are flat 2nd row seats, for better cargo storage. But otherwise, excellent :D! I love my car. I've gotten about 5500 miles on it so far in 2 months.
I drove the X5 BMW and the Mercedes ML class and neither car can hold a candle to my '07 MDX.This vehicle is as solid as a rock yet moves like a light jet. The technology is superb. We've put almost 1000 miles on it this month and I can't wait to drive it again
As expected, Acura's attention to detail, outstanding quality and impeccable ergonomics live on. The overall interior quality is terrific. Love the handling prowess. Takes curves like a sports sedan - well, almost. Very good power once over 30 mph. Very smooth suspension compliance but so much that wallowing and pitch/rolls dominate; spot on blend of comfort and handling. Additionally, the navigation system is terrific and easy to use. The upgraded stereo system is awesome, and the rear view camera is great. Leather, sunroof and all the bells and whistles I could want. Comparably equipped X5 was $14K higher - no budging. Bottom line - best SUV available under $50K! 
I was looking for a vehicle for my wife and daughter. I am the kind of guy that will research vehicles for months and months before making a decision. After comparing the MDX with just about every luxury suv (ie, X5, XC90) on the market, the decision became easy. The MDX has a luxurious feel but still has a lot of function to the design. The technology is amazing and easy to get used to (my wife is not a tech geek at all and she is loving the nav, blue tooth, rear view camera, etc.). Very safe vehicle. After all the research I am convinced this is the SUV of the year, when luxury, quality, performance, and Acura's reliability are all thrown together. Best vehicle we have ever owned!!
Great style, power, pickup, handling, comfort. Surprised how crips it handles for size of car. Drives smaller than it is. Priced better than competition for same features.
This is a very fun and smooth SUV. I have owned it about three weeks, and have the best time driving it. The gas mileage is not the best but I can live with it. Do wish that the roof rails, side running boards, and side body moldings did not have to be extras, but they make the car look so much better.
Excellent ride and lot's of bells and whistles for the price. Safe vehicle great for our growing family. My wife and I are expecting our first child in a few months. We purchased this car so she could have a safe, reliable vehicle that could also be great for kids and have some class/luxury to it as well! Very happy with our MDX purchase! The class leader in our opinion!! 
Resisted at first but since it was the vehicle that my wife would be driving then it was pretty much her decision. And her decision was just that. Lets go buy the MDX. Now I am a convinced owner of all the quality and comfort Acura has to offer (which if you let my wife tell the story she already knew). It is by far the most superior vehicle we have owned. 
With the exception of gas mileage, the new MDX exceeds my expectations - handling on par with best sport sedans, very quiet, rides better than most luxury cars. Build quality very good. Improved overall from an excellent 2001 MDX. Trip computer very inaccurate - overstates mpg by at least 10%. MPG an actual 20.5 for 2000 mile trip, primarily interstate at 70-75 mph. Surround sound system is excellent, perhaps better than my '04 Acura TL. 
I also test drove the X5 4.4 and Q7 4.2. The MDX was just right. All the stuff I need. 
Compared with Mercedes ML350, Lexus 350, BMW X5 3.0, Volvo XC90. Better than the ones compared to. With Mercedes and BMW everything is an option. I had a MB S430. I spent too much time repairing the vehicle. MDX comes fully loaded with all options. The audio system is excellent. It plays MP3s of DVDs. It can hold 6+1 DVDs loaded with MP3. 7 * 8.4 GB (dual layer) = approx 60GB of songs... AMAZING !! Quality of audio is also excellent. Navigation rocks. MB navigation is like Mickey Mouse compared to this. I never thought of being so happy of a Honda over the MB.
I purchased the 2001 MDX Touring when it was first available. Kept it for a couple years and traded it on a Nissan Titan. Now I am back with the 2007 MDX. Wow is all I can say. It's more refined than I remember the 2001. I bought the Tech Package and I love all the gadgets. The leather seems to be better quality. This one seems quieter than the 1st gen. I cannot wait for a long trip, we are planning a trip to Tahoe but there is no snow up there (Feb 1).
I looked into BMW X5, Benz M350, and Volvo XC90. I lastly checked out the new MDX and fell in love with all the features the car has and its new look. Definitely the most bang for the buck in every aspects compared to other vehicles in its class. 
Just took delivery of my '07 MDX sport/entertainment package SUV. Traded in a Porsche Cayenne S. The new MDX is just about as good as it gets. The electronics integration is perfect, as per Acura's usual standard. The driving experience is just beyond reproach for a vehicle with this size and flexibility. The SH-AWD system with the sport package suspension gives you a great combination of pull through curves, precise handling and a smooth ride with the benefit of the sport suspension's active dampers. You can carry lots of people and/or stuff and have a whole lot of fun doing it!! This '07 MDX is truly as good as it gets!!
Leased '07 MDX 2 weeks ago, have 800 miles so far. With the exception of fuel economy (16 mpg of suburban driving), MDX is very much what is expected from Acura: comfort and good road handling.
Researched the 07 MDX a lot before purchasing. It was worth the wait. The 07 interior is much nicer than the 06. We bought the Sport package and the leather upgrade was worth the price. This car has a lot of pep and wants to go. Can't wait to take it on a trip. The more you drive it, the more you like it.
I have owned over the past 5 years a 4.4 BMW X5, MB ML500, and Lexus GX. By far this 2007 MDX out performs all the above - in all categories. Handles like a BMW, but with more "toys" and better reliability.
I just traded my beloved Infiniti FX for this MDX Sport. I drove the Acura just to prove to myself that my FX was still unrivaled in the world of upscale crossover vehicles. You gotta understand I loved my FX, but I loved my childhood sweetheart too and then I started meeting real women. Yikes!!! The MDX Sport handles better than top of the line Porsche of my 70s youth. While not the briskest off the line, from 4000 rpm and above this beast will compare favorably with almost anything not in the "super car" category. The blend of technology (too much to tell you about), comfort, utility, fit and finish is unrivaled. Drive one, hear one, and make one go around a corner... then decide.
I've had my MDX for about a month now; traded in my 2000 Grand Cherokee. While I don't think this has the off-road capabilities of the Jeep, how often are you really "off-road"? (Once in 7 years for me). The front seats are extremely comfortable and the ride is one of the smoothest I've ever had. Had a big snowstorm recently and I would classify the performance as "decent, but not great." I considered the Q7, XC90 and 4Runner as well. For the price, you cannot beat the standards in the MDX anywhere. Thought about upgrade to to Tech pkg, but expensive and will probably just get aftermarket Nav at some point for way cheaper.
Bought the complete Sport /Rear DVD package just before the New Year. I highly recommend this vehicle. It's a blast to drive, stylish comfort and a real workhorse. Safety is a huge reason for owning this newest design. You can't go wrong!
Wife and I were in market for vehicle with 3rd row of seating. We don't like the large truck-like SUVs and also do not like minivans. We decided to look into the luxury SUV segment and narrowed our choices to the BMW X5, Volvo XC90, LandRover LR3, and the Acura MDX. After test driving all and reviewing the numbers, the MDX was the obvious choice. Unbelievable extras for the money. When compared with these other luxury SUVs, I would have had to pay around $60K to get the same amount of features. Acura navigation currently head and shoulders above competition. Love the combination of luxury, utility, and convenience. 
I have about 1,300 miles so far and do enjoy it. Tested RX 330, XC90, Touraeg and this is it. Acceleration a little touchy at start, maybe software upgrade to transmission needed. Ride is excellent, super quiet, luxurious interior. I purchased base model and has great features for price point. Mileage about 19 mpg with mostly suburb driving. Mine came with Bridgestone Dueler tires with B/B rating, I would expect best quality for this vehicle. You get Mich. A/A when you buy other trim lines. Shame on you Acura. Telescopic steering wheel could go another inch, I'm 6'1" just to be safe.
Amazing on gas for size & 300hp! Ride is exceptional and the gadgets inside are very enjoyable. Love this vehicle! Ride is best in category!
Good vehicle, good overall value. Handles well, lots of nice technological items inside. High seating.
My MDX elite in sport suspension mode will out handle my S2000. The way that the Super Handling AWD works with the magnetic suspension it is like you are on rails. 
Great vehicle! Comfortable and sporty ride, easy and very responsive handling (SH-AWD and ADS), very safe feeling vehicle, very good engine power, great Acura ELS Surround sound system (DVD-audio, Dolby prologic II, 10 speakers), very good speech recognition for Navigation, audio systems and Hands Freelink, front and second row seats are the most comfortable we have ridden in. A first class SUV all around with abundant storage and passenger room. Fuel economy on the sticker is very accurate. 
Took the car from the dealer then drove 2000 miles over the past 3 weeks. Fuel average is 20.1. More quiet, comfortable & fun to drive than the 2004 I traded in. Great sound system. NAV has greatly improved. Really need to read the driving manual. Tried Lexus RX 350 and BMW X5 but preferred the MDX ride, features & price. Miss the automatic windshield wipers & hope I never need to replace the "blue" headlights. Highly recommend it.
I have owned the car for only 6 weeks, and I have experienced the following problems. The right front door started to rattle the next day after delivery. After the door was fixed, the sunroof and the front passenger seat started to rattle. After these were fixed, the dashboard started to rattle. The AC compressor makes a loud thump when it starts, and it can repeat the start-and- stop cycle several times when you wait for the green light. The transmission makes knocking noises when both speed and rpm are low as if it were a 10,000- mile-old transmission. The back of the car produces a click sound when any of the doors is shut closed. The last two problems also occurred in the loaner MDX I got.
Comfortable ride although I've experienced a little bit of wind and road noise. 
I find this vehicle to be exceptional in design, comfort, and responsiveness. My initial concern of possible road noise was unfounded. Rides very well. Only surprise was the original equipment tires were only DOT rated Traction/Temperature B/B. Disappointing for a luxury SUV. Had optional roof rack and cross bars installed since these are no longer standard equipment.
About 3 weeks into my ownership, and I love the MDX so far. It is probably the most comfortable drive of any vehicle I have owned, including luxury sedans. I narrowed my choices to the MDX, Q7 and XC90 and the MDX won without too much thought. And the value is outstanding for what you are getting.
I told my wife the MDX had seating for 7, and she said we bought a minivan. I don't think so. With the more aggressive styling, and exceptional handling, this absolutely will not be confused with a van. While not in the SUV class of my old 4Runner, I've come to the conclusion my time spent off-roading is in the past. For the streets, you can't do better. The fit and finish is excellent, there is little road noise, and electronic capabilities (Nav, voice, and sound systems) of the car are outstanding. 
Great handling for SUV, plus plenty of room for this class vehicle. The electronics are pretty intense, but learnable and the car is full of amenities. Engine doesn't sound as sweet as most acura/hondas but it has plenty of power. The cabin is very quiet even at speed. Leather seating is quite comfortable. 
This is my second MDX - the first being an '02 Touring model with Nav. Drove it 77,000 miles with no problems. The '07 picks up where the '02 left off - more power, more comfort, and improved body styling. The Tech package provides a whole new level of controls that are voice-activated and user friendly. No more touch-screen input. I'm absolutely delighted with this vehicle. 
After a couple of months, of trying to convince my wife to trade our 2004 Lexus GX 470, I finally wore her down and we (she) reluctantly bought the Acura. One of my concerns was moving "down" to an Acura from a Lexus. I was extremely wrong, this is one high tech machine, the navigation system offers more features, but is much more user friendly than the Lexus, The entertainment package gives the kids the option of listening to their choice through the headphones while the adults can listen to something different through the speakers & handling on this car is unbelievable. You can even set the doors to lock/unlock at the speed of your choice & the remote to open 1 or all doors w/ 1 touch. 
This is my first Acura vehicle, I previously owned a BMW coupe & am a current owner of an Odyssey. I primarily got this vehicle because of the value that was packed into this model. Comparing it with a BMW X5 (07- 3.0), this was a much lighter vehicle, lower cost & easier to handle. The ride was also quiet and the seats are comfortable. The third row seats' leg/shoulder room is better than the competition. Middle row seats are very comfy for the two outer most, however the middle one is not good for long travel. The driver seat is excellent in holding the driver and power seats have lumbar support. The sound system rocks! Navigation is easy to use & voice commands are very convenient.
The car is just beautiful. I got the black cherry pearl sport, fully loaded. It's like being strapped into a rocket, what power and handling. The fuel consumption is higher than I expected but I was told that it would take several months before the true fuel consumption is realized, I hope that's true. I love XM and if you love music like I do, I would highly recommend getting the navigation just for this option. I haven't tried the sport driving feature yet and probably will not use much in the future. I got the sport just because of the upgrade in leather. The parchment interior looked too yellow, put with upgrade to sport, the leather looks much softer and not so yellow.
2007 MDX may be best car I've ever had. My previous cars were no slouches: BMW 540i (6-speed), M5, X5, and Infiniti FX-45. I loved all of them! This is very similar to X5 only leaves $20,000 in your pocket. This car has fantastic ride in comfort for most roads, and sports car handling on windy mountain byways. We love the voice controls for Nav, climate and stereo. Stereo is best short of Audi A8 which runs $8,000. If you can find one, buy it loaded! Taupe interior is gorgeous! Seats are sensational! Power is adequate. Incredibly quiet too.
Just purchased an '07 MDX with Tech package. The more I drive it, the more I love it. Takes some time to get used to all the buttons, features, voice commands, and the GPS system, but the car rides awesome, nice pick-up, and everyone just loves the look of the car. AWESOME! 
I have had my MDX over a week now and love it. Never had an SUV with the power and handling the MDX has. Even in the comfort mode, handles like a dream. Gas mileage has been fair. (17 MPG mixed hwy and city.) Very fun to drive. The navigation system is awesome. Easy to use and many features. Stereo system very impressive. Head lamps light the road very well at night. Seats are very comfortable and the heated seats work very well. 3rd row seats are OK. Great for kids or adults on short trips. The rear entertainment is very nice. Good screen and easy to operate. Wireless headphones give great sound. Would like to have seen the vehicle have a built in phone holder, and coin holder.
This is my first Acura and it sure is a pleasure to drive. Handling, braking are superb and rival my wife's Audi A6. The tech package has just about every bell and whistle you can imagine. 
Bought an aberdeen green the weekend before Thanksgiving and could not be more satisfied with it. Great power once you get the rpms up. The 5 speed should have been a 6, but it's not a deal killer at all. For me the transmission has taken a bit of time to get used to. I think it is geared more towards gas mileage until you get on it and then it really moves. Gas mileage has been between 18 & 19 mpg and that is mostly in town driving. Good for a 300 hp midsize suv. The lack of a dimming rear view mirror is no issue at all. The rear windshield is so dark that it is not necessary to buy the dimming mirror. Love the way the AC/fan speed adjusts based upon the location of the sun!
I test drove the BMW X3, X5, owned the Honda Pilot 2006. Once I saw this new MDX I had to test drive it. The SH-AWD really is impressive. It corners under acceleration like nothing I've driven before. I'ved owned a couple BMWs and we just bought for my wife a 2007 328ci with sport suspension. I'm amazed at how well the MDX holds it's own with the little sports car as far as feel and road holding under extreme cornering. Brakes are great. The third row is nice in a pinch for small trips.
After purchasing I realized this vehicle is very overpriced for the quality you receive. Options such as rain sensitive wipers which were on my 06 MDX are no longer available. Very poor fit and finish, not to mention orange peel paint which the dealer assures me is normal. The vehicle is tight and confining. I think I will trade it in before I lose too much in depreciation. I would have to sum up to say that this vehicle is a very big disappointment.
I'm one of those people who research purchases to the point of exhaustion prior to making a decision. Additionally I test drove all similar vehicles. Nothing, and I mean nothing, compares with this vehicle for the price paid. Everything about this vehicle is top tier, fit and finish, performance, luxury, reliability and safety. I feel as if this vehicle is a bargin even at MSRP! Acura simply has produced a excellent automobile at a great price.
The MDX is a very smooth ride, easy to handle and extremely comfortable.
Just picked up mine last week, black on black with Technology and Entertainment. So far I have put in five hundred miles. All heads turn. Drove during Thanksgiving trip, loving the bluetooth and live traffic info. State of the art GPS system.
Finally a luxury SUV from Acura with good performance. I now have 1000 miles on my 07 and am very pleased with it. It has very comfortable front seats, handles very well for an SUV with good power and acceleration. I use the manual shifting capability a lot and find it very convenient to use. The sound system is excellent. When I first got the car I found myself accelerating to 70 mph to merge with 55mph highway traffic. Then I realized I wasn't hearing any noise associated with the speed and that's why I didn't realize how fast I was going. The Nav and Entertainment systems are excellent and easy to operate. The kids love the larger DVD screen. Thanks Acura for a great SUV!
Picked up the car 11/21. Drove it about 300 miles on a trip right off the lot. Very comfortable car. Great side view mirrors, driving position. Custom features impressive - you can design this car however you want. Sound system very nice, navi is the easist I've seen, although the voice commands are a little rough so far for me. Bluetooth is awesome, linked up my phone in minutes. Acceleration is solid, especially in the 60+ range. Averaged 20 MPG in freeway driving so far. Added roof rack - solid metal rack, and sport running boards as well as D/N mirror. Perfect family car. 
We never thought we would find a better ride than our 2004 Tahoe.This vehicle has a big car ride and handles like a sport car. We have had the new vehicle for a month and we have not seen another one on the road. I would find it hard to believe that there is a better midsize SUV on the road. 
We test drive different SUVs in its class but MDX has outdone themselves with excellent interior and exterior. While we enjoy driving this, people's heads start turning on the freeway. It was a worth wait to get MDX sh-awd acura advance which has best performance and value. You don't have to think twice before buying MDX because it's got the whole nine yards. Go get it.
I didn't have to test drive any other after I test drove the MDX. I bought the car on the same day. The ride is excellent. I love the interior design. With 300 hp, you will feel that pick-up. I chose MDX with Tech package, didn't go for the entertainment package since I don't have kids yet. Good luck.
My land cruiser was too big, my FX45 was a lot of fun but too small for family trips, hopefully this is just right. Plan to spend a night in the garage learning the new toys. There is room for my wife's luggage, the kids and dad's luggage and the golf clubs. Not as fast as my FX45 but performace is as advertised and does not disapoint. Sport and Ent. package provide the technology and ride quality you want, toys for the kids, room and comfort for the wife and family. The styling is better and more masculine than last year. It looks like a SUV rather than a minivan. Looks better with side step running boards and roof rack.
This is my 7th SUV and my 3rd MDX. The 07 MDX is in a class by itself. I shopped other brands. Handling and quick steering response are greatly improved. Interior and exterior are beautiful. The manual shift mode is fun. The driver's comfort and positioning with instruments and gear shift were well conceived. I would have liked to have had items in the entertainment package such as electric tail gait and heated second row seats. 3rd row seats are still cramped. Missing are the automatic wipers, and auto dimming mirror (which didn't work with the privacy glass in the rear). This is a thrilling car to drive and own. I wouldn't trade it for the more expensive BMW X3 or Mercedes.
A great car for those that need the third row but love to drive. What really sets the '07 apart for us is the handling on the Sport model. Power is good enough, interior is beautiful, exterior is nice in black. But this thing has fantastically controlled body motion, very little lean, good steering. And the SH-AWD really works, rotating the car even at moderate throttle. None of the ponderous SUV feel, understeer, etc. We are coming from a BMW 528i wagon with a sport suspension, and the MDX is very pleasant surprise. 
Very nice vehicle overall, but not outstanding. Acceleration (off-the-line) is not very strong and feels only very slightly better than my previous '02 MDX. Once it gets going (around 3500 RPM) the engine comes to life. Don't see all the hype about SuperHandling-AWD - much better than the old model, but not any better than others such as the new BMW X5. Ride comfort great with the Active dampers! and front seats are excellent! - but fuel economy is a big disappointment - only getting around 12mpg city and 18 mpg highway at 75mph. (I have about 1650 miles on my MDX.) 
This is a great SUV. I had done my research against Lexus, Audi, Toyota and Honda. This SUV offers a lot in standard features compared to other manufacturers which are all options. This SUV also has the horsepower of V8 competitors all in Acura's new 3.7L V6. This is definitely a light SUV you should consider and put on the list. I love being the only one on the road. The looks I get etc. We got the rare color Steel Blue.
Unbelievable value, the whole nine yards. Build quality, performance, tech features galore. ULEV to boot. I can picture driving this SUV for ten years, it will probably seem state of the art for the first five.
Picked up this baby on 10/19/2006. Had returned my Lexus RX 330 lease that same day. Compared to the RX 330, the MDX is 6 inches wider, 4 inches longer, and 2 inches taller. But given the size and weight difference, the MDX is almost as nimble as the RX 330. (It definitely much more nimbler than the Mercedes ML class.) The ride is pretty good, but not in the class of the Lexus. If maximum comfort is what you seek, you can't beat a Lexus. Acuras are very German-like, they are built as performance vehicles first and foremost. Luxury/comfort comes behind. The GPS system and controls takes getting used to. (At least for me, because my RX 330 had touchscreen GPS, the MDX uses a turndial.)
I bought a TL after I had a Pilot, needless to say, I missed the room. I have 2 small children. This is the nicest vehicle I have ever owned. It's powerful, quiet, refined, full of gadgets and so comfortable it pampers you. I'm getting around 23 mpg (90% 75 mph interstate driving). No squeaks, no rattles. Beautiful taupe interior. My only complaint is the lack of automatic rear-view mirror. Acura, thank you!
Beats every expectation. Fast, nimble, great turning radius, and full seating for 7 when necessary. 
SUV handling is exceptional, lives up to marketing hype. Technology is easy to use, however expect a learning curve to master all aspects of manual and voice commands. Third row seating area is of margional use (small children). Excellent power at mid and upper ranges. No early build or mechanical problems noted.
From its luxurious ride to its fit and finish - this is truly a luxury SUV.
The prelim reviews were great, and I anxiously awaited its arrival at dealerships. I purchased one the 1st day they were available and have no regrets!!! It's incredibly powerful. After driving a suburban for 6 years, I'm loving this SUV! I've driven some great performance vehicles in the past, and this is definitely at the top.
Bought it a week ago in Ottawa, Canada and drove it to Florida for the winter. 1400 miles over 3 days and it worked better than my 03 MDX but with close to the same gas mileage. Larger engine gives it a little more power but the interior fit and finish is the greatest part. Feels like a true cockpit and the Nav System was great. Far superior to the last model. Really enjoyed the XM radio and the sound system is fabulous. The new trip computer not quite as good as elapsed time resets with each stop rather than driver resetting it. Most features were easy to operate, very intuitive. Seats with lumbar support can't be beat and I tried them all. Thanks Acura.
This is the SUV to own if you want an outstanding technologically advanced, fuel efficient car with all the bells and whistles plus some you didn't even think of. In my opinion, the Acura MDX is the best value, best performer and offers the option of 7 passengers where many only offer 5. This is a completely new model with zip and zest that will leave any man or woman feeling lucky to own. I'm glad I waited and didn't order something else more expensive; it was worth the wait. We'll just spend the money we just saved on a family trip to Australia next summer!
I love my new MDX, it drives like a true luxury vehicle, very well built, very low wind noise. I absolutely love the engine, pulls like some V8s with better gas mpg. I was a little bit skeptical about trading my 05 for it, but I'm glad I did. Price tag a little higher than expected, but I believe the car will live up to its price several times over, as many of my other honda vehicles.
Just picked it up on Wednesday traded in my 03 this is atotaly different vehicle. Power and luxury incredible, rides like a dream. I testeed everyhting on the market and nothing is as nice.
Thanks for making a SUV that won't make me look like a soccer mom! What a sleek looking vehicle. Comfort level of all interior controls is perfect. I've only had it for a very short while, but heads are turning. This is by far the best SUV of 2007 for the price and STANDARDS that are offered. You can't beat it. 
Wow, what can I say. Far most better than the competitors, wow. I do have to say that Acura has created the best in the SUV luxury class. The 07 MDX does drive so smooth and very fast that you feel like you are in an airplane, its unbelievable, its incredible. Buy it, you will keep it forever.
Bought this a year ago new and it's 13k later. Don't let the 300hp engine fool you. This SUV has much less pick up than my 01 V8 Grand Cherokee which it replaced (I leave on 'hills' and the car can't stay 60mph on 5th and takes a long time to shift to 4th which is way too high rpm) - but slightly better gas mileage for a larger car (the onboard mile computer is off by the way). Rear camera takes 10 sec when backing up (making it much less useful). Also mismatching color bumper is tacky IMO for $45k car (I picked silver body which blends the best). Instrument cockpit is WAY too busy with DVD/nav system (and I'm a techy).
I purchased my 2007 MDX just two days ago and LOVE it! It rides like a luxury SUV but with the kick and sporty attitude of a TL or TSX. The Technology Package blows my mind and I consider myself a "techy guy"! I am thrilled to have this vehicle! 
Bought my 2007 MDX with/Tech pack in August 2007. Do not like it. The acceleration is sluggish, and the engine is noisy. The tech gadgets function well, but you have to take 20 hours to read the manual to learn how to use them. The navigation system comes with a very old map and POI database. You cannot find any place built after 2004. The navigation system also does not take latitude/longitude. The $3000 navigation system is not better than a $150 portable.
Between Sept 2007 and April 2008 I had 3 sets of front tires, 2 sets of back tires and it drives worse than my Tacoma! I jumps from side to side over bumps. It's unpredictable on stopping. Honda Corp only tell me they can try and "have it fixed" It's been in 7 times in 8 months! I stopped driving it in June. Selling something to you that is broken then just "fixing it" is unethical. I would suggest that NO ONE ever buy this car!!
First thing I want to say is that this SUV handles better than a vehicle this large and high should. Honda/Acura did a great job with the suspension and driver aids. The interior space is very nice. This car is wider than most of the competition so that translates into more passenger comfort when you have more than two passengers in the back seat. The third row is fine for kids or adults on short trips. I am disappointed in the gas mileage. In the city I am lucky to get over 12 mpg. On the highway I get about 19. Nowhere near the numbers advertised. I also find it pretty pathetic that a $40K+ vehicle has fake plastic wood. I have had panel gap issues. 
This is my second MDX after surviving a roll over in my 2003. That car saved my life. For comfort, dependability, class and affordability, this is the car for me! 
Overall this is a great car. I've strictly driven Lexus for the past few years due to the quality and comfort of their cars/SUVs. This is my first foray with Acura. The MDX is a nice car that is easy to drive, although had I known I would only be getting 12.5 mpg around town, I probably would have purchased something else. Oh, and the back-up camera does not work well if too much light is shining on the back of the car. 
I've owned over a dozen Hondas and Acuras through the years. I must confess this is probably the best vehicle Honda has ever made, right up there with such ground breakers as the NSX and s2000. Honda has simply built an SUV version of the Acura RL. I should know since I also have an RL. In all but the most aggressive of handling maneuvers the MDX matches the RL. It's very quiet with a nice engine growl when revved. Acceleration is good for such a heavy vehicle. Rear comfort for 2 is excellent. The other 3 spots are for children. Cargo space is ample with the rear seat stowed, towing performance is excellent. Competitors may be better in one category or another, but overall none is even clo
I bought the car on January, 2007, have test driven X5, FX45, and Lexus; however, this MDX has out performed all these others by the quality, luxury, and value. Beautiful car, consistent build quality, powerful performance.
This suv has everyting from heads up display to nav. I love the mdx. I have taken the mdx on long trips and found the comfort level is 2nd to none. My wife will not fly so all our trips are on the highway. Highway miles per gallon 22-23 mpg @74mph city 17-18 mpg The only problem I find is the gas tank door sticks when cold. 
I replaced this vehicle for a 1999 4Runner. I also considered the Lexus GX470, BMW X5, and Audi Q7. Extremely comfortable to drive, love the interior and all of the tech features. First class!
Love this car!! I have had no problem in the first 4000 miles and am very satisfied with the overall experience with this vehicle. The ride is so smooth and the power is there when you need it. The luxury, performance, and overall looks are worth the higher purchase price.
Unlike the previous model MDX I owned, the new design has lost many extras and the bluetooth is extremely poor sounding! The sound is ported through the AM radio and it's extremely poor in the 07 and 08 models. I really miss the rain sensing wipers, the day/night mirror which is now finally included and the open bottom of the steering wheel to rest my hand on long trips. The ultimate insult is that darn Bluetooth. Company in the car just laugh at how bad it is when you cant understand people while driving over 40mph. So much for the "technology leader".
We picked up our MDX in June 2007. What a purchase! We compared all of the vehicles in the class and selecting this vehicle over all of the others from our perspective was a no- brainer. Here we are with over 10K miles and we just love this SUV. It is so fun to drive. We got everything on the vehicle. The technology pkg, the performance is unmatched. This vehicle has a powerful engine that truly delivers. We did the head to head test drives with the BMW X5, Porsche Cayenne and other top brand crossovers so the buying decision was very easy thereafter. It outperformed everything. Having had several Acuras in the past, the build quality is simply awesome. One test drive will sell this SUV.
This is a great vehicle but... in the 8 months I have owned it Acura had to replace the windshield (flaw causing distortion), adjust 2 of the door handles (installed wrong), replace the muffler (broken interior baffle), replace a rear strut (failed), replaced the battery (dead cell), fix the dash and trim (installed incorrectly) and other minor items. Mine has had horrible build quality, although my dealer is fantastic. I bought Acura because we have had great cars from Honda, but this isn't built nearly as well as my wife's Odyssey. But, no SUV out there drives this well. If you are considering, buy the SPORT, it's worth the money.
Traded in my 2001 Lexus RX 300 for a fully-loaded 2007 MDX, and what a difference. The ride is not as comfortable/quiet as the Lexus but one can easily get used to its comfort level. Drove down to FL from NJ, and was so comfortable driving that I drove straight on the way back. The kids loved the Entertainment System that they did not even bother using the game system which we can plug in the truck too. Averaged around 20-21 MPG on our trip, and was very pleased with the good acceleration on the highways. Constantly getting looks hopefully due to its handsome styling. My only complain is that the voice recognition falters. I really enjoy driving this vehicle (which I think drives like a car).
My husband and I fell in love with the MDX in 02; bought it and when we needed a second vehicle, got another one in 03. Kept going and got the 07. We wanted a change and test drove the X5. Nice ride but for the bang and the buck, the MDX was the clear winner!! I love the way the vehicle moves and the smooth braking action is awesome; not to mention the way it hugs the curb as I try to see what it can do... wow!! No vehicle is safe but I feel a sense of security in my MDX. Who knows... might be riding an 08 in the upcoming months. I didn't think it was possible to improve on the vehicle but wow... they did!!!
Traded in my 2001 Lexus RX 300 for a fully-loaded 2007 MDX. The ride was not as luxurious as the Lexus, but one can easily get used to its comfort level. Drives like a car! Drove it down to Disney from NJ; enjoyed driving too much that I didn't even bother stopping (except for gas) on the way back. The kids love the DVD so much that they did not even use with their game system. MPG wasn't that bad either (averaging 19/21). Overall, I think the build and ride is not equal to that of the Lexus, but they are still within very excellent standards. I enjoy using the manual mode for better acceleration on the highways. Regularly gets looks from people - hopefully because of its handsome styling.
I upgraded from an original 2001 MDX to this one and am very impressed by the quality and features they've added to the car. Makes my old one feel very bare bones. We did a 1,400 mile road trip over Thanksgiving with the new MDX and loved every moment. Powerful engine, feels wide and stable on the road, tracks well through corners, good sight lines. Very nice. The seats are very comfortable. The front seating areas are a little confining by design. Navi and entertainment systems are both very well done. Cargo space could be a little larger but larger space = larger body = more weight = fewer MPG. So it's not a bad balance as is. Overall I'm very pleased with this SUV.
Nothing but problems with all of the new electronics. Nav works when it wants to and always when it is at the dealer. Air bags misfunction... messages pop up dealer tells me to just ignore it. Rear camera works MOST of the time. Entertainment system not working for 5 months. Dealer wants to fix it but doesn't have a clue. I guess service personel will eventually be trained on the new model. I owned and still have a 2005, I didn't test drive before purchasing... what a mistake!
Bought my MDX in June '07 after testing all comparable w/3rd row seats (X5, Q7, GX 470). For the value, it won hands down. For the same items and options in others would have cost an additional 10-20K. Have 10K miles of city/highway driving, and love every minute of driving it! It's more like a sport sedan than SUV. Ride and acceleration are excellent; seating comfort great in front & back seats. Yes, 3rd row is for kids and small adults, but if you want a full-time 3rd row, get a full-size SUV. They work great when heading out with a few extra friends. No question this is a great combination of value, fun, and luxury in SUV skin. Wife has TL-S - loves driving the X!
Very powerful for its size and drives like a car with the SH-AWD making it feel like one, on the most demanding curves. Brakes are stellar with the brake assist feature and with the stability assist control thrown in, your driving is completely technology assisted. We currently get about 18/23 city/hwy on premium gas. Interior is quite comfortable except for the third row which is best for kids under 4'. Navigation/sound system/backup camera/heated seats and dvd make it a nice long trip vehicle. The center console is a huge bin without any coin holders/small compartments. Road noise is prevalant at times. Tire noise is minimal. Lots of techno gizmos to keep you busy for a while.
I love the comfortable ride and performance. The 10 way power driver's seat combined with the telescoping steering wheel makes it easy to find a comfortable position. My wife and I both drive the vehicle so the custom seat, mirror, radio, and phone book settings linked to each key are great. The exterior styling is a real head turner, much better than the 2006 models. Visibility from the cockpit at night is great. Love the interior styling and dash appearance. Third row seating comes in handy on occasion. The navigation system is easy to use and convenient. Practically every feature comes standard. Back-up camera is a nice plus. 
I tested the BMW X5 3.0 (too small, slow), the X5 4.8 (fast, too expensive!), the Lexus RX (nice, not sporty enough). This vehicle is a big step up from the '02 model: more power, better handling (doesn't feel a bit like a mini-van anymore), more creature comforts and roughly the same fuel economy. Driver's seat is very comfortable for my 5'-11" frame. The SH-AWD system is terrific as you feel it pull you around sharp turns as you accelerate. Nav. syst. has good display and gives clear and adjustable directions (from almost constant advice to concise directions). Hands Free Link hooks up to B/tooth c-phone on startup, sound system automatically switches to phone when called.
I came out of an Expedition to buy this SUV and was pleasantly surprised by how much more comfortable the vehicle is than a truck based SUV. The horsepower and performance are up from my previous truck/SUV vehicles, and so is the mileage. Those giving the MDX poor grades for mileage are not comparing it to other SUV choices. I regularly get 22-23 mpg at 70-75 mph on the highway. I chose this SUV for a couple specific reasons: I needed a vehicle that could tow my 23' boat and its trailer, but I wanted a comfortable, economical everyday ride, too. The BMW and Lexus didn't have the tow power, or enough room. The truck based SUV choices didn't have ride & economy.
I love this car! It feels secure & solid; the handling is smooth & the acceleration is strong. The leather seats are comfortable & the sound system is fantastic; great sound quality & easy to use. The nav system has proven to be a real asset. The rearview camera takes a couple of seconds to come on, but gives a good view of whats directly behind the car. The climate control system has been flawless. The power tailgate opens slowly, but works great. I haven't used the bluetooth. The headlights work great too, giving a wide area of coverage. Don't know about other drivers, but I love them! Blind spot on the right rear side, but comfortable w/it now. MPG is decent; 20/22 combined driving. 
We bought a 2007 Acura MDX tech package more than a month ago. Great handling. Overall excellent interior and exterior. Both navigation and backup camera are great additions. Vehicle is wilder than comparable vehicles so think about parking in crowded garages before purchase. We bought this over competitions because of excellent value and the 7 seat capacity. Third row seats practical only for kids. There is sometimes wind noise coming from the right side when driving on freeway. Have not figured that one out yet.
First and probably my last Acura. Big Honda fan so had high expectations that were not met. I liked the styling and it was fun to drive but overall the build quality and use of cheap materials got tiresome.
We bought our MDX in May 2007 and immediately took it on a 4 month, 12,500+ mile road trip through the USA and Canada. Mountains, deserts, bad roads and good - we really put this car through its paces and have been very satisfied. The MDX drives like a car on twisty roads even without the sport suspension and the manumatic was very useful in the mountains. Interior space is excellent - we traveled with a baby & all associated gear. The nav system is accurate and easy to use. Highway gas mileage is better than rated (about 25 mpg), but city is worse (about 17). Only mechanical prob is a "clicking" noise when steering at low speed - dealer says they have a fix - have to see.
So far just getting used to all the gadgets has been a challenge. I really like the feature when you unlock it but forget something and have to go back. You can program it to lock in 30, 60 or 90 seconds after you may have inadvertently unlocked it and forgot. Great security feature. I have taken it on a few long trips and am also very happy with the cruise control especially on steep hill climbs like I have in BC,Canada. I have set it at 80 MPH and climbed a 12%-18% hill grade and maintained it for the 2km hill climb. Awesome!! I actually like the navi control knob that some people seem to hate. 
This vehicle vibrates badly at speeds above 60 MPH and has noise issues with rear windows down. Although the performance is great, it corners well, and acts like a big 4X4, it's no fun when the vibration pushes you off the highway. The dealer has not been able to fix the problem and Acura said they have company cars the act the same way. "Live with it!"
Four months and counting in this new SUV We wanted a fun to drive, dependable SUV cut out for city and commuter driving with two kids in the back seat and with the ability to handle snow when needed. I think we got it. Only a couple of downsides so far. The front seat makes my legs ache on long drives - in fairness I'm tall but not that tall. Adjusting the seat to unusal configs helps when the legs start to hurt. And the rear view camera has been useless to us so far, very hard to see in most daylight situations, at least for us. I wish I had the rear sensors instead. 
First the positive - this is by far the best vehicle I have ever owned. It is an awesome vehicle for sure. The technology is like a science fiction movie, at least for someone like me who has never owned a luxury car before. Everything is easy to use if you take the time to read the manual and practice. There are so many minor details that Acura does right to make this car so much more than just a car. I do have some complaints, though, and they mostly relate to practicality: 3rd row legroom could be better based on experience in similar size cars; 2nd row seat buckles are poorly spaced for booster seats; 2nd row climate control vents do not adequately reach the 3rd row.
I was driving a 2005 MDX and was offered a company car. The choice included BMW X5, Mercedes ML350, Audi Q7 and Lexus RX 350. Given my excellent experience with Acura for the last 2 years I opted for the new MDX. Acura did a great job (interior and exterior). I love the new sporty look. The seats are very comfortable and provide good support. The 300 hp engine does a great job, sound and performance are impressive. I prefer the new navigation system over the old one. The 10-speaker sound system beats my stereo at home! My children love the larger DVD screen (9 inch now). The blind spots are a problem but once you know you are just extra careful when changing lanes.
I love this car. I drive considerably on the freeways and side streets for my job every day. I wanted navigation, 3rd row for the kids, midsize luxury SUV. The style is great, so fun to drive and it is the perfect size for my family (3 kids). When I say fun to drive, I really mean I love to drive this car. To soccer games/practices, choir practices, school and preschool drop and pick up. It makes the necessary work and family driving less painful and that is exactly what I was looking for in this car. The upside: smooth pick up (especially at 50 mph+, like a galloping horse), real time traffic on the navi has saved me plenty of time already. My kids love the heated rear seats and DVD.
I finally traded in my '02 MDX after nearly 6 years of hauling countless kids. I was reluctant to let it go, because it was a great car. When I first drove the new '07 model it seemed too big and I didn't like the grille. I am so happy with that I let that go The ride is fantastic, it's easy to park around the city, the back up camera, bluetooth, and navigation are fantastic. The power lift gate is a great convenience. The driver seat is so comfortable. My kids are in heaven with the rear entertainment system, and I can still listen to my sounds up front. How great is that?
Rear view is extremely limited. Very small side view mirrors and late to upload rear camera do not help. Back up lights are almost useless. The seats become very uncomfortable if you are slender. A seam cuts across your rear, otherwise they would be great. Our 2001 Lexus nav system was better that the one they pack in the MDX. The auto window lock-out locks the driver out as well as the passengers. Our dog continually lowers the windows with his paws, and turns on the heated seats both front and rear. The tail gate is slick, but the rear hatch opening is too small to fit furniture that, otherwise, should fit. The key fob is not intuitive. Take a long look before you buy.
About 4000 miles now. Never has been to Acura for a single problem. For the money, you get a lot of stuff. Voice recognition is for the birds. Main problem that I didn't notice during my test drive: if you keep the seat erect, at a good angle for your posture, the head rest pushes your neck down !!! Most uncomfortable headrest in the industry. Acura claims that it is a safety feature, but it only works if you angle the seat back about 15 degrees!!! Mileage is okay for a heavy SUV. Get the sport package - handling is out-of-sight.
I've owned a new 07 MDX for a month now, and have driven it close to 2000 miles in city and suburb. Comparing it to my past ownership of a Honda Accord and my spouse's BMW 5 series sedan, I think this is an excellent AWD SUV and I would, with no doubt, buy it again. The audio system quality and navi. are noticeably superior to the bmw's. Easy to drive around family and friends in comfort. Easy to haul luggage and purchases from the local hardware store. Rear view camera is indispensable (IMHO, this should be standard on all SUVs for safety). Minor quibbles: "live" traffic update is not so helpful, I prefer pushing buttons or twisting dials for commands rather than voice.
The 2007 MDX a superb vehicle. It's truly hard to express how great this vehicle is. The navigation system is intuitive and simple to use. The voice recognition is excellent. The ride is extremely comfortable and the vehicle handles the road extremely well. I can't imagine how well the Sports Package performs. Overall, easily the best vehicle I've owned (compared to Explorer, Jeep, BMW). Highly recommended. 
Huge side blind spots make lane changes a gamble. Uncomfortable seats. Dashboard angled steeply away from driver so in sunlight you cannot see the digital readouts. The 4 dash A/C vents almost close when you aim them to blow air at you. And under powered - if you think the 300hp stat means this car will outperform a 265hp V8, a test drive will show this car powers more like a 210 hp V6 costing $15K less. On the plus side, solid luxurious quiet ride and decent handling. Perfect for soccer moms. Not for inner city driving where you need power to zoom up hills and need to be aware of surrounding traffic in case of quick lane changes.
I bought this SUV early July, and am loving every bit of the vehicle. My family members including myself are owners of 5 Lexus vehicles (2 ES, 2 GS, 1 SC) and I introduced the '07 MDX to the bunch. I have no complaints so far and I love the luxury feel of the inside with an awesome sport feel that I would not be able to get from the RX. I test drove several SUVs (Audi Q7, RX 350, BMW X5, Buick Enclave, Chevy Tahoe, looked at the LR3, GMC Acadia) and nothing came close to the drive and luxury that MDX offered. Navigation and voice commands for nav, climate and radio are by far the best.
Undoubtedly this is the best of its class vehicle with outstanding bang for the buck. I am into 3rd week of ownership, so my experience with it is minimal, but all for now I can observe and suggest that Acura improve the ride with more comfort or sportier. Either be more like comfy Lexus or sportier like BMW. Regardless, my experience is still minimal and as it stands I own an outstanding car.
We absolutely love this vehicle. It fits both of our kids (with car seats), our dog, and several adults comfortably. The memory seats are great, being that my husband and I have almost a foot difference in height. Does not drive quite as well as our Saab 9-3, but definitely more like a sedan than expected. Also like that insurance barely increased (and prior vehicle was 99 Passat).
For an SUV I love the way this truck performs, rides and drives. I traded my 2005 TL, which was riddled with fit and finish issues, for the MDX and am very glad I did.
I've had my MDX for about 4 months now and it's a fabulous vehicle all the way around. Fantastic styling, very fun to drive and pretty good on gas mileage for it's power and size. All my family and friends want one now lol!
After owning a Honda Pilot and an Acura CL type S, I am a Honda fan. My confidence is being tested with tranny issues on the CL, but we absolutely loved our Pilot. The MDX is a step up at every level. The navigation system, initially appearing complex, is easy to use and very informative once you get the hang of it. The build quality is very good with a few minor issues (one being a ding in the quarter panel when we went to pick up the car). Power is just fine for a vehicle this size, and the interior is wonderful. If we experience the same reliability as we did on our 2003 Pilot, we will be very happy campers.
After 15 years of loyal Lexus ownership, I decided to give Acura a try - so far, this seems to be a very wise decision. MDX is a fun drive, fast, sporty, comfortable, and family friendly. 
Compared with Lexus 350, BMW X5 3.0, Better than the ones compared to. You can carry lots of people and/or stuff and have a whole lot of fun doing it!! This '07 MDX is truly as good as it gets!! 
I've owned my MDX since October 06, have about 8,000 on her. Really a top notch SUV. Ride and handling are smooth and accurate. The interior design of the car is absolutely stunning. Seats are very comfortable and although some controls not in the most convenient of places, where else would you put them? There are a lot of features in this car. The navigation and voice recognition are excellent as is the handsfree phone operation. The most impressive feature is by far the DVD audio stereo system. The sound that comes out of this thing is beyond description, especially if you have a DVD audio disk. Overall, clearly one of the best SUVs out there today. 
After 3,000 miles I am in love with my MDX Sport. The MDX handles like a sports car. The brakes are amazing. It stops on a dime. Gas mileage is better than expected (17c/21h). Best of all, the MDX moves! The MDX has more features than any other SUV in its class. The MDX won out in our comparison with the GL450, X5, GX470 and Q7. The MDX actually drives like a sports sedan and not an SUV. The same can't be said about the other SUVs we tested.
I've put 27,000 miles on this car in less than 6 months and I love it. It gets 22 to 24 mpg on average with mostly road miles. Handling, acceleration, and everything is great. My only complaint would be that the seats are not as comfortable as I would like for such long road trips. 
This car has been in the shop continuously. Driver door rattles, windshield leaks, interior trim was never fastened down, window regulator had to be replaced, steering wheel needed to be completely repositioned - one thing after another. I never thought an Acura would be this poorly built. The engine and handling is great, the interior is cheaply made and slapped together. Gas mileage is poor but it is an SUV. I would not recommend this vehicle to anyone. Dealer has worked hard to fix, but the factory sent them a lemon to sell me.
We traded my wife's 02 RX 300 that never had one problem for 5 yrs. We wanted something a little bigger. The new MDX has 800 miles and the windshield wiper fell apart and scratched the glass. Also am hearing a series of thud sounds when shifting 1st to 2nd with little to no load. Additional rattles are coming from the rear shock area. The dealer had the car for over a week and found both wipers defective and replaced the windshield. Also replaced the exhaust below the cat converter and replaced rear swing arm spring seat as it was damaged along with replacing the spring itself. We picked up the vehicle and heard the same noise. I'm thinking I should have kept the 02 Lexus.
Like the styling and comfort, but there are things that I missed completely with the test drive. 1) The bottom of the steering wheel feels like a food grater as the sharp and hard stitching sits above the leather, 2) the navigation system is at least 2-3 years behind in features with only 2D maps and ugly text for street names, 3) the AUX input requires an iPod at full volume, 4) the voice recognition is worthless and unusable, it's wrong at least 75% of the time, 5) when you drive in an "unverified" area (my home of 50 years) there are annoying warnings that don't go away without a lot of attention, and the worst, 6) the steering is so hard my wrists hurt when trying to turn a corner.
Exceeds every SUV I compared to. It either has it better or less expensive. This car has every feature you can think of. The DVD surround stereo is amazing (front and rear can be operated separately by driver). I am having so much fun driving it. My husband is always trying to find a reason to drive it. We traded a '99 Landcruiser and the insurance only increased $100 over the 6mos... WOW!! This car has excellent safety ratings along with an alarm system that cuts off the fuel supply. 
I exchanged the 06 MDX for the 07 MDX. I like the exterior and the interior, compare to the 2006. The only problems is that with this 2007 the bumper front and back are plastic and makes the car look cheap. I do not understand on a luxury $40,000 dollar car they would install a plastic bumper. Also, the car has too much wind noise and the steering wheel is unconvertible.
I exchanged the 06 MDX for the 07 MDX. I like the exterior and the interior, compare to the 2006. The only problems is that with this 2007 the bumper front and back are plastic and makes the car look cheap. I do not understand on a luxury $40,000 dollar car they would install a plastic bumper. Also, the car has too much wind noise and the steering wheel is unconvertible.
Just bought this vehicle and it is best I've ever owned. 'm getting 18.5 MPG. For 300 hp, no complaints there. I got the base and added roofrack, crossbars, sport rails and daynight mirror and still came in literally 15k less than BMW, 7k less than Lexus (RX 350). Great ride, great warranty, great afterownership services through Acura. Safest SUV on road, Make this your last test drive and you will buy it; no other automaker can justify the price difference.
Recently traded in my Lexus RX 350 for the 2007 MDX. Living in the mountains of Utah I need something comparable to a dog sled. Also needed reliability. Not as smooth as my Lexus, but plenty of power for the steep roads (manual comes in handy). Love the styling. It's the most unique vehicle on the road - some may say unique = ugly! Takes a while to learn the tech stuff. 19 MPG mixed driving, mostly city. Overall, very pleased. 
I had written a previous post about the MDX but wanted to reserve judgement until I had more miles on it. We just passed the 5,000 mile mark and the MDX is still the best SUV on the market today IMHO. MPG=20.3, great reliability, comfortable and stylish interior. Plenty of room for kids. A lot of fun for road trips. I have heard people say that the car is too advanced, and I don't really understand that as a negative. The car is very intuitive. I am no computer geek but I have had no problems learning the tech features. If you pay this much for a vehicle, I want all these features!! Get a lot of positive comments about the car. Really breaks the mold!!
I have owned two other MDXs and loved them. This one is a major disappointment. The steering is tough. The steering wheel is impossible to find a place to grip it comfortably. The joystick navigation is annoying and distracting to use. No touch screen navigation. The rear/side blind spots are overwhelmingly dangerous. You simply can not see out the rear/sides. The front seat feels crowded and I have to crouch down in my seat to see the front of the car. The rear view mirror appears to block 1/3 of the vision of the front window. Overall, a very uncomfortable driving situation. Test drive it for a day before you buy it. A ride around the block won't reveal the problems. 
I real let down by Acura across the board. I have always bought acuras, but this is one is a let down. It eats gas like a V8, it is very umcomfortable if you are over 5ft. It is very bumoy and the engine struggles. 300hp feels like 220hp. The center console will have you feeling you about to blast off into space. And the pencil thin steerling wheel feels like a 1980s Car. The third row cannot even fit teenagers at all. It does fell like an suv, it is more like a wagon. And for this price tag you can get an Audi Q7 fully loaded,or even a BMW X5 So i did , A Audi Q7 4.2 premium.
I love this car. Driving is so fun with powerful engine and active damper control. I don't regret any penny I spent on this car. Well designed amenities are very user friendly. Improved voice recognition functions are so useful in inserting address on the navigation system. 
I purchased an MDX Tech with the Entertainment pack for my wife last year when it debuted. I love it. I was driving it so often that my wife said get your own and I did 4 days ago! I looked at the mercedes g450 but $70,000 with the options was $20,000 more than mine. I test drove Audi G7, Lexus GX470, Volvo x90, BMW X5, Cadillac Escalade and SR ALL more expensive cannot compare to the MDX. I purchased the Sport/entertainment Black. Quality and reliability 10, it drives like a dream. Great passing acceleration. Best Nav I have seen. The drive is smooth and comfortable. Bluetooth works well with my Verizon Treo700.
Good car, handles nicely, I expected a little more kick. The car has the technology I need but it may be a little too technologically advanced. My only complaint is that it is the ugliest car on the road.
Like BMW, Audi, WRX STI, only judge the MDX after it has a minimun of 8-10K miles. Improvements in power, suspension performance, quietness, door seals/wind-noise occur. Fast, smooth, 300 HP. Experience 17-22.5 MPG. Computerized SHAWD/Delphi-Magneto-Rheological Shocks and Michelins, corner like on rails with no tire noise/squeal. Suspension allows powering through steep/fast turns like no other car. ?Comfort Switch? allows MDX Sport a Lexus-Ride (leveling tar-strips!) or in ?Sport Mode?, MDX will exceed any other SUV's handling capability. Min. hydroplaning and goes through snow like tank.
Traded in '04 MDX for this year's upgrade and both my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed this new vehicle. Somewhat disappointed in the rear view mirror, low quality for the type of vehicle. Great 18" Michelin tires and the superb stereo system is a joy to listen to. Roomy and very comfortable. Just a joy to drive!
We have done 2k miles in our MDX now. Other than increased cornering ability and better brakes, this car is a step back from the previous MDX. The steering wheel is seriously uncomfortable and the centre console hurts my elbow if I am resting my arm on it while steering. The front footwells have poor room. The motor is rough for a luxury car and suffers from a serious flat spot between 4500 and 6000 rpm meaning performance is more theoretical than actual. For the NE the ride is real hard and the car bounces from bump to bump as opposed to flowing over the road so it cannot be trusted at speed. This car may be good on a track for a suv but is seriously flawed as a family vehicle for the road.
Bought the sport with ent package in Feb and have already taken 2 trips over 300 miles. Gotten 22 MPG ave about 70-75 on the hwy. In town getting about 16-17. The handling is a dream and plenty of power to spare. Kids love the rear ent and we love being able to let the kids listen to their music while we listen to ours. Kids also love being able to bring the game cube or ps2 and I just love being able to plug it in. Best SUV for the money.
What a fantastic one. This is our first SUV, and first luxury car. So much difference to driving comfort compared to my earlier Camry. Just feels stuck to road, DVD is awesome, crazy voice commands and GPS is too good to be true, accurate. Too bad I have just one so my wife drives it and I get it only on weekends... something I look forward to the whole week :-)
Just purchased and have not found many flaws with this vehicle at all. Great features, fun to drive, plenty of space, and it looks great.
Just purchased our 2007 MDX with tech package... what an amazing car. This car has every feature you can think of. The DVD surround stereo is amazing. This car is actually fun to drive, and the handling is like no SUV I have ever driven (Dodge, Chevy, Toyota, BMW). The turning radius is amazing, take a corner and push the gas and just smile. I have three kids ages 14, 12 and 9 and we have plenty of room. The ease of use with the voice activation system for GPS, stereo, climate is second to none. Acura knows how to build a car! 
I can't believe I am saying this, but I love this vehicle! This coming from a man who wouldn't even consider an Acura product. My allegiance has always been with my Bavarian brothers but this time I wanted to be different, and besides the Wifey got the new X-5. Surprisingly enough my sled holds its own with the X-5 and its horsepower advantage. Especially using my Sports package's features gets me through the Malibu hills quite spiritedly. Enough oomph to pass on the freeways of LA and enough panache to park at your trendy diners around town. It just blends in rather than the opulent massive bohemoths like Caddies and Rovers crowding our beloved city. Overall, the SUV is a fine vehicle.
This is be our third Acura MDX and they have messed up a great vehicle. From what used to be smooth revving motor we now have the refinement of a mid 80's buick 3.8v6 and I am being generous. Yes the car can handle but at a price of crappy ride quality, the comfort level on the sport suspension is like driving a pogo stick and the sport setting is ok as long as the road is smooth. Interior fit and finish looks to be GM level, the exterior fit of various bits is not up to current detroit levels. The steeering wheel is asinine with lumpy bits here and there to grab and the bottom of the triangle means there is nowhere to hold when turning a corner. If I could return it I would.
Traded in our '06 honda Pilot for an '07 MDX, the difference between the two was obvious from the moment you drive off. The MDX feels planted on the road with minimal roll, good acceleration. I'm very pleased with my purchase and feel that it was a definitive upgrade from the Honda Pilot.
Bought my MDX a few weeks ago. S far I'm having a blast with it. The technology is awesome and driving is fun.
Bought the vehicle in February, nimbus grey with taupe interior. We were in the market for a SUV with a third row that doesn't feel heavy to drive and we have the near perfect combination in our X. We have put close to 3000 miles in it. Loving it so far. Being a tech geek, it has kept me grinning everytime I take it out of the driveway. Can't wait to take it out on a long trip. I have become a shameless show off after this purchase. Our son loves the entertainment system, I love the ELS stereo though I still haven't figured out the speciality of DVD-A. My wife loves the navigation and everyone is happy. 
This is a full sport utility vehicle and a luxury car combined!! It rides like (even better than) my Lexus ES 330 and it still does the job for skiing, surfing, and road trips!! This car fits 6 adults in real comfort. You could easily do 4 adults, 2 kids and a dog on a long road trip and nobody feels cramped. This vehicle is awesome. Took a 600 mile road trip and several coastal drives so far. Do get the cooler to keep your beverages and food cold so you don't have to stop and buy food (helps offset the cost of the gasoline) . I know it's not eco-conscious, but it is the most fun you can have for the money and still feel like a star pulling up to Spago.
Having owned two Toyota 4Runners, a Lexus RX 300 and a 330, and having test driven the 2007 Lexus GX 470 and the BMW X5, I can say without a doubt that the 2007 Acura MDX - my very first Acura - is the best SUV I've ever driven and much more fun than driving a car.The SH-AWD system alone is worth the price of ownership. The first big snow will make you smile because you'll feel safe and secure, knowing you'll get wherever you want to go. Actually, the SUV handles beautifully any time of year and Acura reliability means it won't be in the shop every month. The interior is classy and elegant. Comfortable and intuitive, it's the best SUV I've ever driven. 
Car drives very nice and is quiet compared to other Honda vehicles using the same platform. Features (tech and entertainment pkg) are well thought-out and appeal to those who can appreciate new technology. I only have 1k miles on the clock so it's still too early to tell how the MDX will hold up. Michelin tires are very quiet and handle well. 
I'm a sales rep and drive approximately 40,000-45,000 miles a year for work. I've owned the RDX for a little more than two years and have 94,000 miles on it. I LOVE THIS CAR! The quality is excellent, the power & handling is excellent. The features of the tech pkg are great and reliable. I get compliments about this car all the time because of its styling and luxury. As long as you don't stand on the throttle and use up the turbo all the time, you get respectable gas mileage. I usually get 20-21 mpg in mixed driving conditions. When I'm aggressive I get 18-19 mpg. Due to a sporty suspension some may not like to feel every bump. You get a lot for the money. Compare the features to others.
Absolutely great car. Tech package is easy to use. Here's the bad things... interior plastic scratches easy, 19 to 20 mpg avg., 92 octane gas. That being said this is the best car I've ever owned. I'm a "car nut" and backyard mechanic, this car is extremely easy to maintain. I'll drive this car till it dies! 
Although some call it an SUV it's not. I don't drive it off road and don't plan to but on snow covered mountain roads it out handles my 4x4 Explorer in every way. The SH-AWD is one of the best I've ever driven. On performance, I didn't buy it as a race car but I drive over a mountain pass to work every day and this car doesn't work very hard climbing the grade AND with just over 50K miles, I'm averaging 24 MPG. I'm confused as to why so many complain about poor fuel economy. I'm guessing that mileage figures vary with driving habits? It's not a race car... don't drive it like one.
We purchased an '07 RDX brand new when they first came out (we purchased in Aug '06). We are in the process of selling it, not because we want to, but because our family has simply outgrown it. We put 40k miles on it in almost 3 years of ownership and have thoroughly enjoyed the RDX. We've used it around town & on family trips. Extremely reliable. Quiet ride. Incredibly comfortable interior w/ awesome styling. Multiple compartments for storage, & many tech features. Front & back seats are quite roomy & backseat easily folds down flat (2/3 / 1/3) to expand cargo space. The AWD RDX drives better than most performance cars - handling is incredible & it is a fun, solid drive/ride.
This car is great. Oops I mean SUV. Well same thing real for this "CUV". Sometimes you forget it's an SUV with its excellent acceleration and sport suspension. You feel the road unlike any other SUV out there. It feels more like my friend's BMW 3s. Apart from performance Acura offers excellent interior design with everything you need, really. Comfortable heated leather seats, Dual zone AC & so on...The super handling AWD also helps on snow and offroad. even though this car is not designed for offroading I still do it and it feels just as good as my highlander on dirt and light muddy roads. Only thing I'm unhappy about is the MPG in hwy. I get 21MPG.
I chose the RDX because I wanted sport sedan like handling and power but the utility of an SUV. Gas mileage is not as bad as some say. If I ease into the throttle, I can get about 25mpg highway with some city driving. Ride is firm, but you get lots of grip. Sport mode tranny is neat but not necessary. This is my first turbo engine and overall I like the power surge; surprising that a 2.3L can feel this strong in a 3,900lb vehicle. Turbo lag is not bad; spools up faster than the 2008 CX7 and 2009 Subaru Forester I drove. RDX felt more powerful than CX7 despite having less advertised hp and one fewer gear. Glad I spent the extra money and chose the RDX over the CX7. 
I owned Hondas for years but strayed to AUDI a few years ago. I loved the AWD of my AUDI but hated the UNreliability - I'll NEVER have another Audi. Finding AWD for under $40K was a challenge. LOVE my RDX - a suped-up Honda with AWD! All the bells and whistles of a more expensive model but at a great price. Gas mileage is wonderful when I drive it like a 4 cyl. When I need the power of a 6 cyl, I have it with the Turbo. Drive it like a 6 cyl and you'll too complain about the gas mileage. 
This is my first and last Acura. At 5K the driver's floor mat was worn through. After some argument, the dealer agreed to replace it under warranty. The replacement lasted about the same. While the overall interior quality appears acceptable, the carpeting and floor mats are very cheap. Mileage is fair, but you must use premium fuel. For the money, the vehicle is not worth the price.
I decided to trade in my TL for this because I wanted all wheel drive. I was disappointed to find out that the car lacked some features I thought would be standard across all models. Namely, the navigation screen was no longer touch screen (as my TL from a few years prior had been). I also found both the gas range prediction and mpg to be terrible. On a drive across the country in a torrential downpour, I checked my range vs. the nearest gas station. At the time (about 20 miles away), I had about 12-15 extra miles according to the trip computer. Suddenly, about 10 miles away it jumped to 9 miles and I wondered if I would even make it.
After owning this vehicle for a year I am already tired of the non responsive automatic transmission. I have driven manual transmissions for most of my life, but I wanted to have a SUV for the snow and portability. I have to say I love everything else about this vehicle. The handling is great, comfortable, roomy, tech package kicks, even the turbo 4 isn't so bad. But the paddle shifters and transmission are sub par. Shifts are slow and sloppy. This vehicle should have made with a 6 spd manual. Also the GPS is outdated.
I bought this car to replace a small hatchback that got totaled in an accident. I feel very comfortable with all its safety features, and it handles very well. I never was fan of SUVs, but I really love this car. I was looking at the BMW, but in the end I thought the RDX was simply a better ride. I also like the fact that I don't see these very often since it's a new model. I live in L.A., and I think I've only seen one or two others on the street. It's a very hip car!
Purchased this vehicle about one week ago and couldn't be more pleased. The voice activated navigation and bluetooth with the technology package is awesome. The fit and finish on this vehicle is some of the bese I have ever seen having owned Audi's and Mercedes in the past.
First tank 19.7 mpg mixed highway (60%) and city (40%) with some aggressive driving mixed with mostly conservative driving. Drove up to Tahoe in snow and the AWD worked great. Love the car so far. 
I used to work for a valet parking co. and drove all kinds of cars, but nothing like this. The RDX has the punch, it is techno loaded, interior & exterior design is superb.
My RDX has many great technological features, however some important ones to me were left off. My TL had seat memory for the drivers seat. This was a great feature for me because people at the dealership move the seat all the time, and it takes me a week to get it perfect again. No power seat for the passenger is also missed by my wife. Drivers side mirror does not tilt down. Rear lift gate should be remote controlled both from the remote lock / unlock and the dash as the trunk was on the TL. 
This is not the perfect car, but it is the perfect choice for the entry level small-luxo-SUV market. Felt the RAV4 and CX7 were not as refined. X3 is the only real competitor in this segment. The X3 was a nice car, but would cost about $10K more similarly equipped. I thought the ride was a bit fairer on the BMW, but I felt the handling and power on the RDX was superior. It has ridicoulous amounts of technology, plenty of power, and sport-sedan like handling.
Have had the RDX tech package for about 2 months now. Love the bluetooth and other tech features. Car has the room I need without being too big. Would have preferred manual transmission. I find the car very comfortable, I see some complaints about the ride, I have had cars on either side of the RDX and personally wouldn't want to give up any of the fine handling that would undoubtedly be lost with a more plush ride. I would have considered the 21 MPG that I am getting fine several years ago. Next time around I can't imagine that I would even consider a car with this type of mileage. Very happy with RDX quality, feel, and image.
First off, there is no small SUV out there that is as fun to drive as this car. I tried the mazda and subaru equivalents, and they just don't match the feel of this car. This car is just a blast to drive. 
I've had the RDX for over a month, it is fun to drive. It is very comfortable and comes with many standard otions. I had an '04 MDX and I like this model much better. It has good fit and finish and the quality is excellent. It is very quick and the gas mileage is good. It handles well on the open raod and is very responsive, like a sport model. 
This car is really fun to drive. There's basically no turbo lag; hit the gas, and off you go. It's surprisingly quick. The real joy comes from the SH-AWD system, which helps you stick to the road in any conditions, but especially when things get slick. The gas mileage is a bit worse than advertised, but still better than most, if not all, SUVs. The standard RDX comes with so much standard, you're better off buying a 3rd party nav system, and saving a bunch on the sticker. With so much standard, why pay another $4K for bluetooth and a back-up camera? Overall, a great buy at the standard level!
This is my first "suv." My previous cars included an Acura Integra and a Mercedes CLK320. It took about a month to adjust to a bumpier ride, but the handling is very similar to a car and not a truck. The sound system is excellent and the free XM radio for a couple months is nice too. The navigation system is also my first and I am thrilled with the detail in various map specs. The only real issue so far is that the battery mysteriously died at 1000 mi. Without a key in the ignition almost all electrical things shut off within 30 seconds of removal which makes it difficult to drain the battery. Overall, I am fairly happy with it so far.
I have had the RDX for two months and think it is a blast to drive. I had an A4 1.8T and suffered through turbo lag. There is no lag whatsoever. This car (it's not really an SUV) really goes! The trade-off is fuel economy. Based on the computer, it seems like a 1/2 gallon is used each time I accelerate rapidly. I am getting 22-23 highway and 11-13 in city. Very comfortable seats. Audio, navigation, XM and traffic is fun but there is so much functionality it can be distracting while driving at first. Read the manual! I am disappointed in the wind noise from the driver side door at highway speeds. Hard to detect this on test drives in urban areas. It overshadows the stereo.
From the second you open the door to this high tech monster you know you made the right choice. It is fast, secure, comfortable, fun, safe. The sound system is beyond the finest. Navagation - wow. This one is a no brainer to own. Best car I ever owned and I had them all. This is the least expensive and the best.
Purchased mine 2 weeks ago and have put on about 800 miles. The RDX handles amazingly and accelerates extremely well, very much like a sports car and far better than any other SUV. The technology package is a must. Acura/Honda has the best navigation system around. The handsfree capability is also impresive. Cargo room is good, as well is storage room in the RDX. Interior build quality is quite good; the leather seats are extermely comfortable. Sound system is, by far, the best I have heard in any car. I have averaged 21 mpg and I'm anticipating a slight gain when the car breaks in. Please keep in mind that I do about 70% highway driving and I am a fairly conservative driver 
The car is fun to drive, handles very well, excellent quality and features. Only disappointment is a 3+ MPG gap in rated numbers versus actual. Avg 19-20 in semi rural and highway driving. 
I have had my RDX now for 1.5 months and I love it. It is the most fun car to drive that I have ever owned. The power is great! The cornering on snow and ice has been exceptional. I have already been through 3 blizzards! I never dreamed that this car would be so much fun! Sound system is the best ever experienced!
Poor gas mileage on premium - 18.3 MPG on mostly freeway driving. I used to average 16.9 MPG with my 4.7 L Jeep 4x4. Very uncomfortable ride on 18" tires - bounces down the road. No interior space or trunk space in spite of being longer than my Grand Cherokee. It feels like you're in an airplane cockpit. No pep when you step on it. High maintenance cost as it requires premium and special oil, 4 times the cost of regular oil. I can't wait to get rid of it in the spring.
It's fun to drive using the sports mode. I never had a car this fast and stable at high speeds. My average mileage after 3000 miles is around 17-18 miles per gallon both city and highway driving combined. 
I buy a new car every six to seven years, alternating with my spouse. I bought the RDX with a need to buy something upscale and fun. Also winter handling and cold weather features were other concerns. Here was my must have list and what the RDX provided: heated seats, standard; heated outside mirrors (hate scraping), standard; AWD, standard, XM or Sirius radio; XM standard (better channels than Sirius and no Howard Stern); Bluetooth; standard; good acceleration; standard, and very good I might add; classy; standard - even without the BMW, Lexus, or Mercedes nameplate. Okay, there was another sort of must-have that the RDX did not give me: auto-headlights.
Have been "in love" since seeing first RDX on highway more than a month ago. Picked mine up (black, tan interior) last week, and have been smiling ever since. Cannot recommend it enough. 
I drove a Volvo for 12 years and needed a change. The Acura attracted me because it was small. I also owned a Honda in the past. The car handles well and dazzles but there is absolutely no body protection. It's a joke. Everytime we park, the car boasts a new ding or dent. They should think about some body trim. 
I had been looking for a tall (better line of sight) performance vehicle that has better interior and comfort than the X3. It turns out that the RDX has a much nicer interior and ride. I am very happy with the price and value of this terrific car. I do not notice any turbo lag. I do notice that it accelerates like a jet and handles like a nimble sedan. To quote Burgess Meredith: "It eats lightning and craps thunder!" It is the younger, faster, and more fun brother to my RX 330! The stereo even sounds incredible and has sold me on xm radio!
I love pulling up to people in sports cars at red lights and knowing how surprised they are when my little SUV takes off like a rocket! This is the most fun drive I've ever had. The quality of the interior is incredible... blows my old VW away!
I love pulling up to people in sports cars at red lights and knowing how surprised they are when my little SUV takes off like a rocket! This is the most fun drive I've ever had. The quality of the interior is incredible... blows my old VW away!
I have a 300 RX Lexus but found it a little sloppy on the road. Yes it had a luxury ride and feel but wasn't quite what I wanted. Solution RDX with tech pak. It rocks, it has performance, ride, handling and about every bell and whisltle you can find a price that will not put you in the poorhouse. Go for it! Tech pack a must!
Purchased an RDX two weeks ago. Previously owned a Honda CRV and loved it. Wanted to upgrade and stay with a Honda. Getting 22 mpg for normal highway driving. Could easily get less with the peppy turbo if you stand on it. Great handling both on straightaways and curves and a solid built vehicle. A litte stiff ride but quiet interior with awesome stereo system. Love the navigation system but it takes some time to learn the commands. Bluetooth is awesome and great for making/answering calls while traveling. Tilt down right passenger mirror is helpful when backing as well as rear viewing camera. Gauges are well placed and lighted both day and night. Overall pleased so far.
Just bought the RDX a few weeks ago and I love it!! This is my first SUV I test drove others but when I drove this I was sold. However, my gas mileage is really bad. I've been getting 12.5 mpg. Not good. I do not drive crazy or accelerate fast so I don't know what's up but not too happy about the gas mileage.
Love the RDX/ Tech Package. I've had the car for a month now and love driving it!! BUT Im getting really bad gas mileage 12.5 mpg in the city really bad at average speed of 14 mph. Other than the poor gas mileage I love everything else about the SUV. 
I researched all the new models extensively before deciding on my purchase of the RDX with Technology package. This is an incredible vehicle for the price. The fit and finish are better than my last Mercedes ML, as is the technology and handling. I've owned the vehicle for 6 weeks and still look for errands to run just for the fun of driving it.
I bought this car for my wife. First, this "car" is awesome. It handles like it wants to be a sports sedan, but it has the luxury and utility to make it one of the best crossovers we test drove. The peppy turbocharger makes it jump off the mark, and the "super handling all wheel drive" really improves the cornering. Watch out for the AWD status display on the dash; you should have your eyes on the road whenever you actually need the torque to be redistributed!
I purchased the black satin looks great in that color. Quality compares to no other. Tech pkg. is the best out there.
So Far my RDX is working as advertised. It handles well and is very responsive. I have the tech package and would highly recommend the addition.
I've had this vehicle for almost two months now and can't find anything yet that I do not like about it (2500 miles so far). Yes, it gets between 18-20 MPG, but considering the 15 MPG I was getting with my minivan, I'm certainly not complaining. I don't know how others are driving that get less than 15 MPG, but I've been pretty much right on the rating for the vehicle. Love it!
I use on line reviews a lot but don't often have time to give back. I'd like to here. This is my 5th Acura and first SUV. I traded a 2005 RL which was nice but not nearly as much fun and functional as this. It's fun, cool and for a 56 year old guy, it fits my needs perfectly. Who says it has to go to upwardly mobile 30ish types?
We picked it up this weekend and so far it's been all fun. This is a great SUV and drives like a sports car. We had a Maxima GLE but this has way more zip and is great in cornering and feel.
Just purchased an RDX w/ tech - definitely worth the additional $3k. Handles well, navigation, voice, gadgets are awesome. First tank of gas was 21 mpg. Turbo definitely works! As long as you're not looking to haul anything or carry 10 people, definitely look at the RDX as an alternative to any SUV on the market.
We love our RDX. I no longer mind driving anywhere. It is fun to drive and I feel very safe. With the fold down seats I can haul a lot. This car is so comfortable and has a great sound system.
It's been about 2 month since I purchased 07 RDX right after debut. I have really good image of honda also I had Acura RSX type S before and really liked it. That is why I decided to buy RDX. I am well satisfied with my purchase; however, I see the car is not well built. I happened to find many rattles from dashboards, passenger seat, and twitters. I hate that ticking sounds that dashboards makes. This year RDX missing few things, and I dont see how a car at this pricepoint does not have these as standards: passenger power seat, memory seat for driver seat, auto-dim back and side mirrors.
A great SUV. My first Acura and SUV. My family had a long h/o driving Mazdas but the CX-7 or Murano were no match. The interior is just right and the body design turns heads. I purchased 18" Inspyre RonJon rims and they look great. A definite recommendation to make it a bit sportier helped a bit. As a single male in his 30s I am the demo they were going for and they succeeded!!
Just got it the other day and I am very happy with the car. There are some complaints about the mpg but if one does not step on the accelerator all the time, (as any other car) the number should be very good. The ride is a bit bouncy at times but handling is superb. There is so much kick in the engine you won't even know it is I4. If you are not sure exactly what you want but in the market, take a test drive and you will be sold, esp with tech package. It provides everything and more at 12-14K less than that European "thing". Ext looks appears to be small but once inside, there is plenty of room. Happy motoring... 
Before buying, I really suggest taking the local roads rather than just hopping onto the closest freeway with no radio on. I was very annoyed with a shaking/vibrating steering wheel every time I waited in front of the red light. During acceleration, I found the turbo to be rather loud. The gas mileage could also be improved. On the other hand, great visibility and comfortable seats in both front and back. Excellent design as well. The ride is also very comfortable when compared to a sport X3. 
I am very impressed with this vehicle. I had an 04 TSX and wanted something a little bigger. The interior controls are well placed and easy to use. The Nav is a lot better. You can feel and hear the nice turbo engine. I haven't had it long enough to comment on fuel ecomomy.
It's impossible to convey the RDX's overall excellence in a brochure or 10 min test drive. After a week I'm THRILLED. More like an AWD TL station wagon. An SUV that out performs many sports sedans and handles like a Porsche 944. Superb passenger comfort. You sacrifice a little in the cargo area dept., but the car is perfectly adequate for our needs. We installed Thule cross bars and attachments to the factory roof rack. Fuel economy? I'm getting 17-18 city, 22-23 hwy and about 20 mpg combined. That will improve once the engine breaks in. On the gas guzzler issue - compare the RDX to real world mpg from other AWD wagons/small SUVs and you'll find it's better than most of them.
I have made 2 round trip between Baton Rouge and New Orleans driving on Interstate 10. The trip computer said that I was getting 24.1 MPG @ 65 MPH. I didn't notice any turbo lag when I punched it while driving around town. Steering pulls to the right somewhat. Don't know if it is an alignment problem or not.
Fun car to drive traded in a 2002 TL was sort of nervous to get an SUV but have no regrets. Quick, corners nicely, fuel economy could be better but then if I wanted fuel economy I should have bought a hybrid.
Neat car, but stupendously bad gas mileage. We got 11MPG on the first tank, 13MPG on the second tank and have not hit more than 13MPG since. This is computing MPG the old fashioned way. Our local dealer (PA) has more than 20 of these on the lot unsold, they said that they "had deposits" on them, but they don't. I see why now. Like the car, but this gas mileage is just really, really, really bad.
I've owned 5 Honda and Acura products before, and this is a HUGE disappointment!! The 4-banger feels sluggish from a standstill (although it's reasonably quick after the initial lag). The engine is very noisy during acceleration, with a lot of turbo whine (even under some cruising conditions) which "wears down on you" after a while. And I was SHOCKED by the horrendous fuel economy. At 16 mpg overall (mix of hwy/city), it's exactly the same as my other vehicle: V8 powered Lexus GX470! Isn't this supposed to be a 4 CYLINDER, SMALL SUV? Helllooo!!
Great pickup and handling for an SUV. The tech gadgets are fun. My first tank of gas gave me 16 mpg - my Porsche gets 19 mpg combo and 27 mpg freeway. It makes me wonder what Acura was thinking when they designed this engine. If the mpg doesn't go near the lowest stated mpg after break-in, then there is a problem.
It's not often that I take the time to write about anything, however this crossover with the Tech. Package is a must. I have a Lexus RX and it doesn't hold a candle to the RDX. If you are looking for a sport car/suv you must test drive this one. You will be sold.
I wanted a sports car but needed the room of an SUV. It performs like a sports car with agility, quickness and handling but offers more comfort than a sports car. I evaluated the competitors but they could not compare for the difference in price. I am satisfied! 
Great car and just bought it last week. I use it for business as a home care doctor, but 18 MPG is killing me. The ride is great and acceleration is awesome with turbo. The seats are a hard ride and wish they were softer. Great interior look. Best car in mini SUV category for the money. Drove a 3 series BMW last car and this car handles very well. Bluetooth not compatible with most Sprint phones. That needs to be updated because Sprint big in my area.
Having driven Audi A8s for the last 9 years, I was a bit daunted by the thought of going to a smallish SUV. But I wanted something smaller and better suited to a less formal lifestyle, and the RDX fit the bill. It is one great car! Handling, performance, all are great. The Technology Package is fantastic - voice recognition commands make using the Nav system a piece of cake. And the sound system is the best I have ever heard in a car - it will blow you away, literally. The XM radio is also super - digital surround sound must be heard to be believed.
Car drives nicely although the sportier ride can be a bit too harsh at times for normal day to day driving. Gas mileage has been quite reasonable (12.3L/100km or 19.1 mpg) but I've had to watch the turbo indicator to use the turbo as little as possible. Hills seem to make the turbo kick in quite a bit as expected which really drains the gas quite quickly. Cruising at relatively high speeds while feathering the gas to keep up with traffic seems to make the turbo kick in oddly causing seemingly choppy driving. Blind spots are quite minimal as the mirrors and small size help counteract this.
I went in to the dealership just looking to test drive the RDX and ended taking one home. The RDX drives more like a sports car and I had to catch myself this morning when I was doing 90 mph without even feeling like I was speeding. Interior is well constructed but I feel like I am in a spaceship with all the buttons and features on this vehicle.
My wife wanted her latest vehicle to be an SUV. After looking at a few and noting the sticker price, we decided to test drive the RDX. Hands down it drove and felt better than a Toyota Highlander and Mazda CX-7. The engine has plenty of pep, the interior has plenty of luxury, and the Tech package has plenty of toys. The HandsFree Link for a Bluetooth phone works great and the voice-activate NAV system is impressive...lots of voice commands to learn. No problems with gas mileage. We are very pleased with our first venture into a luxury line of automobiles.
This is my 1st SUV and my 1st Acura. I couldn't be happier. The car is a blast to drive (love the turbo) and handles great. I wanted an AWD for the northern IL winters and the SH-AWD should be perfect. Interior looks and feels very nice and quality is heads above other SUVs that I test drove. The sound system is the biggest suprise. I read how good it was, but you cannot believe it until you actually hear it. The DVD-nav works great and helped me avoid a traffic jam driving home from the dealer the day I bought it. Highly recommended car.
Ok, if you have not driven an RDX, go do it now. This is an awesome machine. Yes you will feel a turbo lag from a dead stop, but you will be amazed how much power this little engine has, it really moves well. The SH-AWD is just incredible, I took curves at 65 mph and you can see on the display which wheel is getting power, it is simply amazing. I love all the tech gadgets, I am a gadget freak. BUT THERE ARE TWO THINGS THAT I WISH THEY CAN FIX.... one, NO MEMORY SEATS, what's up with that, this is a LUXURY brands, PLEASE give us memory driver's seat. NO AC VENTS for the poor people in the back. Come on!!! a chevy has that. Why can't Acura match the pwhite bumper to the white body.UGH
I have had my RDX for 3 weeks. It drives excellently. Acura is #1 in technology and luxury. Drive this SUV and fall in love with it.
Just a great car, and an even better value. Very quick, responsive and fun to drive. Have put over 2000 miles on it in less than a month while averaging a shade less than 22 MPG. No Turbo lag at all. The gadgets are great especially the superb audio system, the rear camera, the voice activated controls and the traffic info. Acuras have always been reliable and I expect no difference here. 
I am very impressed and happy about this little car. Fun to drive and a lot of power for a 4-cylinder car. The Turbo really makes the difference. The fuel economy for the first 2 tanks of gasoline is not good, then as the car breaks-in, the mileage gets better. Nicely made and stylish. Love it.
I don't know how people are reporting milage in the 12-14 mpg range. I drove an RDX from Albany, NY to Utica, NY and got 24 mpg with the cruise set at 70 mph. This past weekend, on a trip to the lake, I got 20.7 avg. I was going through the mountains. In order to get 12-14 mpg, a person must be mashing to pedal and driving on the turbo constantly. Also, the rear seats DO fold down, so who ever said they didn't, must not own the vehicle which they posted a review about.
I've had my RDX for two weeks and love it! It's plenty powerful, has loads of futuristic technology, including a voice recognition system which works very well, and is lots of fun to drive. I'm getting 23 comfortable miles per gallon around town and on the highway. I looked at other SUVs and was impressed with the Acura's quality, performance and high tech features. 
I wanted a small but very luxious SUV and the Acura RDX is the answer. I've owned my RDX for two weeks and I couldn't be happier. I was a little skeptical of going back to a 4 cylinder engine (even though I had owned many 4 cylinder cars in the past) since many newer small SUVs have 6s in them. However, so far I am thrilled with the performance. I have 450 miles on the car and have been averaging better than 22 miles per gallon. The quality of construction and interior cockpit materials are top notch. I highly recommend this car if you want a superior small SUV with far more in the way of goodies (I have the technology package) than the BMW X-3 for about $4000 less in price. 
After extensive driving I noted that the RDX really shines in a wide range of driving scenarios. The rear seats DO fold down for a very flexible interior and abundant cargo room. The car actually gets quieter over the break in period and it is a vehicle that definitely grows on you. The performance and handling is impressive for a sport sedan let alone an SUV. Get one and have fun.
From the first moment I test drove this vehicle I was very impressed. It's amazing how much HP a 4 cylinder with a turbo can give you and not to mention the decent gas mileage. The handle on this vehicle is awesome compared to other small suvs thanks to its sh-awd.
Car is great BUT gas mileage is terrible. Dealer says to wait until 2000 miles before bringing it in, but we have 1300 miles on it coming back from a trip north, and we cannot break 14 MPG. Most of the drive was highway.
The gas mileage on this car is horrific. The EPA is 19/23 but thus far we have had no tank higher than 13 MPG and our average is 12.8 MPG. I took the car to the dealer and they said that "the gas mileage on the RDX isn't great". Wow is that an understatement. If I had known that the mileage would be this bad I would never have purchased this car. The car is great otherwise, but it only takes premium gasoline and the gas costs are now more than double my prior car (a V6 Honda Accord). I am really disappointed that Acura put this car out with such bad gas mileage and there's no way out now, I estimate that my additional annual gas costs will be about $2500 per year, which is insane.
This is my 5th Acura. The drivability wasn't as smooth as some other SUVs I've driven but considering the "sports package" it's understandable. Power galore for a 4 cylinder. Maybe a bit overpriced but you get what you pay for.
We fell in love with this new SUV as soon as we saw it. Drives like a dream and is very quick and responsive. The interior is very plush. Great SUV..
I have just taken an RDX for a test drive. The engine is very peppy once it gets into turbo zone. On the downside, the gas mileage is negatively affected by the AWD that cannot be switched off. Another necessary improvement deals with the cargo space (my current TL has a larger trunk). Also, the back seats do not fold down, so there is no way in which you can expand the cargo space (why call it an SUV then?). Overall, the new RDX is a fine car!
An exceptionally fun to drive small suv with technology that will make you grin. Abundant power that is enjoyable but takes some getting used to. The turbo feels well tuned and is mild at first then spools up to deliver smooth, lag free acceleration. It's Nav system and voice recognition software really work well. The stereo is so good you'll be the envy of not just audiophiles but anyone with ears! It's better than the several thousand dollar aftermarket set up I have in my other vehicle. Basically, consider it an impressive blend of MDX utilty, TSX performance and RL luxury. 
Just bought one of the first in Colorado. It's awesome! Fun to drive, decent gas mileage, looks great inside and out! TONS of power for a 4cyl. Deffinately recommend buying...
This Car says it all RDX is the most incredible suv on steroids the ride is superb and the agility witht ht sh-awd doesn;t make you move when you make a sharp turn just eay and pleasant...Awesome tag to high but still KICKS RDX
It is really to early to tell alot, however my first tank of gas seem to yield me only 13.5MPG ... and I did not dog the SUV. This may be because the engine needs to break in, but with my last acura (MDX) getting poor gas milage, I am starting to see a trend. This vehicle is very confortable and the handeling is great (for a SUV). The exterior could be better, but still very nice. I paid just over sticker ($150) ... not bad so far. The brakes seem a bit weak, but again they may need to seat and the intial take off torque is nonexisitant, but once the turbo spools, it has a good punch.
I've only owned the vehicle for 1 day, but have put 300 miles on it. There IS some turbo lag, but once the turbo winds up, you're pressed to the back of your seat. A bit smaller than I expected, but appears to have ample rear space, especially with the back sets folded flat. Very nice, leather. The tech package is with voice control is very detailed, and very complicated. Will definitely take a few good days of use to get all of the commands andm options down, but looks to be well worth the effort.
I bought this last year trading in my 2004 TL. I have enjoyed it from the start, with no problems and average of 22 mpg on the road. I wish they hadn't scrimped on things like interior lighting, passenger power seat, auto dimming mirror, etc., but that seems to be Honda's marketing approach. At the end of the model run it will have everything you would expect! Overall very happy after the first year with my purchase.
Be very careful of the RDX: the front end has a problem that will need to be addressed - it feels a little like the shocks but it isn't. The turbo has a major problem - my car has been in the shop for over a week they are tearing it down and do not have any idea what is wrong; no warning indicators it may have cracked the head but the dealership isn't talking. They do not know why the turbo is malfunctioning but it appears at the 50,000 mile mark you can look for major issues of course that is when the warranty expires. Powertrain is 70,000. Everytime I have had to deal with warranty issues (3 dealerships) they try not to fix. Good luck sorry you have this car and sorry I have this car. 
In the last Month my RDX has been in the shop three times and the last time it didn't even last a week before the emission light went on again and when it goes on it seem to shift down and have less power it has been in the shop this time for a week and they don't know what's wrong with it they are in contact with Japan now and still have no idea what's wrong. I'm probably going to trade it in once the find the problem. I can not trust this car. I thought Acura was a trusted car that had no problems I guess I was wrong.
The RDX performs well and is clearly well made. It drives like a sedan. It is a very good car for a single person, but storage space for families on trips is relatively poor, especially given only 20 mpg. Bringing a stroller severely limits baggage space. The reality is that if you are going to get poor gas mileage, you might as well buy a larger SUV. My 4-Runner gets about 20 to 22 mpg and has far more space. Seats are very comfortable as long as the ride is on a smooth road. Bumps are unpleasant for back seat passengers. Steering is tight and car handles nicely. 
I have been in the car business 18 years, and have had a few front drive cars and 4 rear drive pathfinders. One day I was driving a front drive passenger vehicle and took a corner to fast and the rest is history. That day I test drove the 07 RDX SW AWD and the rest is history. I have never owned an all wheel drive vehicle with VSA. Being in the business, I have driven this vrossover hard. It corners better than any thing I have ever driven. Bring on the rain. Floor it from a dead stop and the car just launches forward, comfortable on long trips, the navigation is great.
Test drove Mercedes, Lexus, BMW, Range Rover and found the RDX beat them all. Performance, quality and driveability all exceeded my demands. Gas mileage has been an avg of 20 mpg. I spend 3-5 hours a days behind the wheel and this is an awesome ride. Just love it. 
This car has been so fun to drive. Lots of reviews about the stiff ride, but that is one of the things I like about the car. Leather is very nice. Lots of fun gadgets, and voice command works very well. This car offers more for the money than any of its competitors, especially the overpriced BMW X3. If you have a family with a bunch of kids, get the GMC Acadia or Mazda CX-9 in this price-range. But for the young professional looking for an entry-level luxury SUV, this is the bomb. Even if I was willing to pay more for a car, I would still end up with the RDX, that's how much I've loved it. My wife drives a new audi, and has been jealous since I bought this. 
Acura is a luxury brand, but this is not a worthy model. It's quick and sporty with a stiff ride. But gas mileage was terrible and we had to replace the front brakes and rotors every 5000 miles. We never felt like it did anything well. If you drove it as a sports SUV with paddle shifters, you paid at the pump and in maintenance. Also, missing some key features at this price including automatic headlights, driver memory settings and iPod interface.
Other than gas mileage, it's a fun car to drive. Notice how I said "car" - it does not drive like a SUV at all. I considered the Honda CRV loaded, but it lacked some-like no useable armrest etc.
We bought this car knowing that fuel mileage was not its strong point, but have averaged about 19 mpg (mostly city). My wife loves this vehicle because it is incredibly responsive and handles as well as the BMW we traded in. The seating position is nice and high, but without the huge vehicle to go along with it.
I traded an '05 TSX for the RDX - needed more room for gear. Not only is the RDX just the right size, it's actually MORE fun to drive!! The SH-AWD system produces such grip and control that it almost feels like you're driving a sports car. I've had no problems/repairs, the mileage is acceptable for an SUV (about 21 mpg), and the fun factor is a 10! The ride is firm, but comfortable. The interior is great (and versatile), the technology package is great.
Have had the car for almost a year now. Not impressed by Acura?s quality. Dashboard started to rattle after four months of having the car; now is getting worse, both corners rattle at cooler temperature. Even the sunroof rattles during bumpy road. Turbo lag is definitely noticeable at low RPM with A/C on. I have to put the gear in the Sport mode to minimize the turbo lag when traffic is in a stop-and-go condition; this seems to help. Ride is a little stiff (comments given by everyone who had ridden in my car). Poor gas mileage. I am getting averaged 18 MPG with roughly 60% hwy and 40% surface street driving. Okay, with all the negatives mentioned, I must say the car is a fun car to drive.
I love everything about this car except that I have been into the shop with engine troubles about every 2-3 weeks. The engine will suddenly rev uncontrollably and the turbo has stopped working 3 times. This car is downright dangerous to drive without the turbo support to get you moving. The dealer hasn't been able to figure out what is wrong yet -- just keeps erasing the codes which make the problems go away for a short while. Sadly, it's time for a trade-in after only 5 months. So much for Acura quality, which is one of the main reasons I traded in my Saab 9-5 for this.
I knew this was the car for me the first time I test drove it. I tried other small SUVs in this range, i.e, Lexus, Murano, and there was no comparison. This car has a solid compact feeling. I was not aware of this car. Someone talked me into seeing it. It's a quality car and handles well in bad road conditions (heavy rain storms and wind). I love the turbo power when I need to accelerate in traffic. The interior is classy & the techology is state of the art. I highly recommend this car. It's fun to drive - I look forward to driving everyday.
My husband needed a new car for work to haul people around. This vehicle is what we were looking for. It has enough luxury to impress but is still not over the top. Great performance. Although it is small, it is spacious inside. After getting used to a WRX we wanted something that did not lack in the performance department but didn't break the bank. This vehicle is perfect.
Had initial questions primarily due to problems with bluetooth, poor gas mileage and limited carrying capacity. But now after several trips and three defective cell phones, believe I made the right choice in the RDX. Gas mileage on last trip was over 24 mpg, seems to improve with each trip. City is routinely 17 mpg. 4th cell phone was the charm, bluetooth now works flawlessly. Love the hard rear deck when using as a sedan, and sport handling is terrific. Wife's Infiniti M35 screen graphics for navigation and rear camera is sharper and clearer, but after looking at several competitors, all have some compromises, but like RDX the best. 
This vehicle is incredibly fun to drive. I traded up from a TSX and the RDX actually handles/drives better! The SH-AWD system is amazing: I feel glued to the road, no matter how hard I push the RDX. Acceleration is great, and fuel mileage (for me) has been adequate (21 mpg) - not great, but decent for a SUV with this kind of acceleration. The interior is wonderful - comfortable, tasteful, high-tech, full of useful information. Awesome stereo system. The nav system is very user friendly, if a little outdated in its database - but I absolutely love the XM live traffic display, which saves me time every day. Great vehicle!
I just recently purchased a preowned RDX with about 10000 miles on it. I am really enjoying this car. I am getting about 25 mpg on the highway and about 19 in city. Overall this car seems very good, not at all underpowered, previous car was a sedan powered by V6 and this little SUV blows it out of the water. The interior is very confortable (no wood trim is a plus for me as I think it looks tacky). I am hoping that the car is as reliable as other honda cars and am looking forward to updating when I get a few more miles under my belt.
This SUV/CUV is the best all around vehicle I've ever owned! It has it all. It has a great interior, comfortable seats, great handling (like a sports car!), ride is firm, but nice, solid build, room to haul stuff, paddle shifters, great looks. I'm very happy and have had many vehicles before due to leases for work, but I bought this one and couldn't be happier.
I love the F1 system, drives smoothly, love the interiors, blue light is amazing. GPS is awesome. Fuel economy is bit poor but justified when you buy RDX.
My use of the car is limited to a 10 round trip commute to the office 5 days a week and about 150 miles of driving over the weekend. The car drives wonderfully and has great acceleration. Highway use is phenomenal. Extremely comfortable back support in the driver's seat which comes in handy for my bad back. Two gripes: first is the poor gas mileage (18-19 city driving is disappointing (but what did I expect when I bought a car with turbo, right?)) and the CD player isn't performing well. Still, all in all, it's very fun to drive and sharp-looking.
We bought a new RDX two months ago and now have been hit with a $4,500 bill to repair the roof?s ?complete collapse.? We mounted a bike rack on the roof, virtually identical to the one Acura sells as an RDX accessory. My son got on the roof to make sure that the bikes were placed in the rack properly ? just like we?ve done on other cars we?ve owned with bike racks. This turned out to be a giant mistake, even though Acura never states anywhere that you shouldn?t do this. This time though the weak, badly- designed Acura roof ?collapsed.? Acura will not cover this huge expense ? so much for customer service. My advice: don?t buy this car; especially if you?re putting something on the roof.
I drove 5 other smaller sized SUVs, the BMW, Lexus, Mercedes, Nissan and Infiniti. None could even come close to the features for the money in the RDX. Envy of everyone at work. So much fun to drive it makes me wish I had a longer commute to work. Even with gas prices the way they are I find myself looking for excuses to drive somewhere. It rains a lot here and the SH AWD is very noticibly helpful in those conditions. This vehicle is fun, safe and a great value. Would recommend it to anyone.
Beside this being my 3rd Honda product (2000 Accord Coupe and then 2005 Acura TSX), I was looking for a bigger car than the TSX, but still wanted that performance and sportiness found in the TSX. The Lexus and BMW equivalents to the RDX can't even compare and the RDX is even more fun to drive than the TL! There are only a few improvements I would like to see, but overall, I have yet to be displeased by this car. Fast, sporty, good looking and yet extremely safe for the family and it has AWD - for a price of under 35K, you can't beat it. MPG for one year has averaged 19.8 - not bad. The car performs totally different in auto versus manual/paddle shifters. 
I love driving this car. It rides smoothly and it feels luxurious. The only thing I really hate is having to fill up the tank so often and having to pay so much because I can only use premium.
Obviously I bought the RDX, so I must like it. I needed a smaller SUV than the MDX, but didn't want to sacrifice on features, performance, materials, and quality. Nothing else provided this mix for the money. I initially looked at the CRV, but was very disappointed in the materials and options. I was very impressed with the interior of the RDX. Excellent materials, a mind-blowing stereo, and very comfortable seats. The navigation is top notch, and some German car makers should take notes. So many techie toys too! And this thing handles like a dream. The SH-AWD from the RL is used, and whoa it's amazing. A bit of tire noise, and a bit of turbo lag are my only small gripes.
The RDX is a great small SUV. I've had mine almost a year and I love the ride, handling, and sleek interior. The interior and cargo space are much larger than the exterior of the car would indicate. The biggest drawback is the poor gas mileage. I drive 80% in the city and 20% on the highway and I've only averaged 15 MPG. That's pretty bad for a small SUV. Other small annoyances -- the seat belts don't fit snug and rattle; the front seats should slide back further to increase front leg room. Cheaper than the BMW X3 and more luxurious and sportier than the RAV4 or CRV.
I always get a consistent 21 mpg all around. The seats are best in class. Go ahead and try all other makes - none compare. Ride is stiff - thats the price you pay for handling. 
The RDX is the complete package for the new category of CUVs. Compared to the X3 (way overpriced) and its cheaper counterpart the CX-7, the RDX is hands down the winner with better handling, vtech engine, non existent turbo lag, and Acura quality and reliability that competitors dream of.
We liked the car at first sight. It is a blast to drive and the turbo kicks in quickly. The technology model is the way to go. Great sound system! Overall visibility is excellent!
Small enough to get around the beltway nasty traffic yet, big enough to allow you to see what's up ahead. The tech package is cool if your company allows you to synch your blackberry with your car - mine doesn't - ostensibly for security reasons. Even if the company doesn't, it's worth it to get your own phone and just ignore theirs when it rings. She drives like a dream and looks very stylish. The only thing I don't like about her is really crappy gas mileage. Even when I am on the highway I get no more than 21 or 22 MPG. 
I thought I could get sport and utility in one vehicle, and be happy, but I was wrong. I find myself disappointed when I want to drive aggressively. Off the line acceleration is poor. You feel like you are anxiously waiting for the vehicle to realize you want it to go. The transmission often seems to be in too high of a gear and the paddle shifters are an absolute joke. The brakes also do not inspire confidence and you can still tell that you are driving an SUV. From a utility standpoint I am disappointed with the ride, comfort of the front seats, and leg room. I can't find a comfortable driving position and actually get sore on trips longer than 20 minutes. Overall I wish I could return it.
My husband already owns the Acura TL. So we wanted the MDX (awesome vehicle too). But we saw the RDX - good price, great quality and it had all of the bells and whistles as the MDX. I have been driving it since January and I love it. It is everything they said it would be. However, it is a ladies car because of the size. You have a luxury car for a great price. 
Acceleration, handling, comfort and utility. Limited capacity is not a surprise based on the size. 20 mpg mixed driving - aggressive at times but not needless (like racing to a stop light). Stiff ride took a whole week to get used to and one more to love.
I really wanted something that had some get-up-and-go and was fun to drive in the mountains. This really fills the bill. Yes, the ride is stiff, but it's nearly as much fun to drive as my wife's Mini Cooper, which is saying a lot. In addition, it's got one of the best sound systems I've heard. Don't worry about the road noise.
Just purchased the Acura RDX with Tech Package. The moment I drove it off the lot, I knew I had made the right choice. Beautiful, smooth but powerful engine, excellent handling for an SUV and quick pickup make this a great ride. The tech package is worth it, the voice recognition rocks and you rarely need to touch any of the menu buttons so long as you know the voice commands. Plenty of room in the back seats and they fold down giving even more room. Great, sturdy car!
The best thing about this vehicle is its high fun-to-drive factor. I have owned 3 VW GTIs because I loved the combination of practical, usable room and sports car handling and acceleration. I never though I could find it in a family car, much less an SUV. The ride may be a bit firm for some, but one feels noticably relaxed even after a long trip. The Tech package is worth every penny. The nav system and stereo are outstanding. The main drawback is gas mileage. I can't get much over 17 in the city and 21 on the highway. But, take a look out there, other than the RX 400h ($55K !!), this combination of FTD factor, room and tech can't be found with 20+ mpg!
The is my first ownership of an SUV, a term I generally despise being somewhat of a car snob. I've owned Acura sedans before, the last being a 2004 TL, so I was mildly skeptical that the RDX could provide the comfort and performance of the TL. This vehicle redefines for me the term sport ute. The straight line performance, particularly while using the paddle shifters, is the equal of the more powerful V6 TL once you get used to the mild turbo lag on initial throttle tip in. And the RDX's handling actually outperforms the TL on my favorite two-lane country roads and city round-abouts. 
I have had this CUV for about 3 weeks and driving has never been this fun! This car has the technology I've been wanting. I was rather surprised to find out it doesn't have automatic headlights, all my cars have had those for years. The ride is very sporty. As one who had been driving 6 & 8 cyl cars I was leery of the 4cyl turbo, but it has the pep needed to get me where I want to go. Gas mileage isn't great but I knew that going in and it's better than the car I had been driving so I'm not complaining. There are things missing but obviously it didn't dissuade me because I bought one!
I traded in my 2004 Nissan Murano SE. I test drove the RDX with the tech package and fell in love. This SUV handles better than most sports cars. The SH-AWD is great especially in inclement weather. Gas mileage in ok but I have a lead foot.
The turbo is peppy, but takes a second to kick in. The road noise is a bit more than I would like and it is a stiff ride, which some people don't like. 
I've been looking for a car that had everything I wanted in a size I wanted. The technology package has everything I was looking for. There are a few things missing, but they weren't deal breakers. The navigation is easy to use and the bluetooth is superb. The seats are comfortable and the a/c blows cold (important in the desert). This car has good pick-up and has a great ride. 
Throughout 18,000 miles of 60% city and 40% highway driving, gas mileage is 17.9 miles/gallon. Did not have any major problem other then air vent warranty fix. However, I have minor rattle and ticking noise problem. Oil change $70 x 2. Rear differential fluid $100 at 15,000 miles service. Not a comfortable ride if one is seeking an ordinary SUV ride. Some improvements on coming year (08 model) would make this car better and outstanding.
I traded an '03 MDX for this vehicle because I'm single, have no need for a large SUV, and have been very happy with Acura (my 4th Honda product). This vehicle has been a big letdown compared to my MDX. The nimbleness, size and manueverabilty (and handling) are excellent, and what I was looking for, but the 4 cylinder turbo engine is terrible and is really beginning to wear down on me. There is a good amount of turbo lag making it feel sluggish from a start, and the the engine is noisy even when accelerating moderately!! The fuel economy is simply horrendous for a small 4-banger SUV (same as my 7-passenger MDX with a 3.5L V6!!). I will likely end up trading it for something with a decent V6.
I ordered the RDX in May and received it in Sep 06 and it was worth the wait, mostly. Great handling and performance, sporty and comfortable around every corner & on the highway. Acura did a good job bringing the RDX to this class of SUV. But I do wonder why Acura went away from what worked in the MDX family (I left the MDX to come to the RDX). With all the good there are some things missing (see Suggested Improvements). Some toys just detract from the experience and others should have carried over from the MDX. Maybe they should have actually asked Acura drivers what they liked before building something with so many less functional add-ons.
After six weeks of my son and I driving and researching all types of SUVs, I narrowed it down to the RDX and still enjoy every minute in it. I don't want to go to work in the morning, I want to keep going! This definitely has a sporty ride, but the handling in snow and rain is great. The controls are very easy to use, yet I am still getting use to the nav. I don't need to use it a lot, but it has been great when needed. The sound system is awesome. Still looking for some DVD-A discs of the bands I like. The size of the center console is great and I like that it locks.
Test drove the BMW X3, Lexus RX 350 and the RDX is the best. It's the class leading in acceleration, braking and handling. It's just like a sport sedan and I like it better than my 2006 IS 250 (much faster....^_^). Also, the finish and materials are much better than X3 and even better than Lexus. We love the RDX and my wife is thinking to trade in her 2006 IS 250 for another RDX with tech package. It's our first Acura. I highly recommend people test drive the RDX before you make decision.
Very happy with it so far. My gas mileage has not been as bad as some others report: 17 mpg.
Just got the car last weekend and am having a great time. This car is quick and responsive yet has all the versatility I need. I go over a mountain/hill in Berkeley/Oakland every day and it is a joy to drive through the woods, taking curves and downshifting manually on the downhills. 
RDX is quick and nimble, acceleration feels like v6, it corners like it's on rails, suspension is nice & stiff, and it has a great turning radius. 
Really, this SUV is just too cool. Buy it with the tech package. Its rival crossovers (I test drove Mazda CX7, BMW X3, Ford Fusion, GMC Arcadia) totally pale in comparison. This SUV is both performance-rich and super techy. Beware! With the sport suspension and handling, it does not drive like an old man's Cadillac. Turbo kicks in real nice. Even the base version is fully loaded - moon roof, leather, etc. For an equivalent version, other luxury brands charge you a fortune. Nobody else offers all these features in one car, and for the price. Overall, it's the best "bang for the buck" in its category. Good job Acura!
I drove all the competitors prior to this purchase. This vehicle truly screams "fun to drive". I almost bought an Infiniti FX35 but could not get over the awesome tech package in the RDX at this price. This crossover SUV almost handles as well as my BMW 330xi. It has great acceleration. In fact if you floor it expect to get pinned to your seat. So far the reliability is 100% better than the Grand Cherokee that it replaced. I cannot help myself from accelerating hard in corners and feeling this SUV handle like a sports sedan. Complaints about poor fuel economy and a harsh ride should be put in perspective. This is meant to be a sporty crossover and it totally meets the criteria.
I just bought my RDX a week ago and love it thus far. I originally thought I was going to buy an MDX but after driving both, I prefered the way the RDX handled and I do not need the extra room that the MDX has. Mileage is ok, been getting an overall average of 19 mpg, this should improve after a couple thousand miles. I was concerned about going to a 4 cylinder from my 06 TL. This vehicle has plenty pickup and absolutely no turbo lag. The engine is rather quiet too from the inside, as opposed to how noisy it is on the TSX. 
After driving a large SUV for the last four years, I am thrilled to be behind the wheel of a new RDX! I am thoroughly enjoying the superb handling as well as all of the amenities that come standard and those that are part of the tech package. For the extra cost, the navigation and voice command functions are easy to grasp and make the entire driving experience even more exciting. As a father who runs many errands with my son, I am pleased with the size of the RDX as it has plenty of interior room and is comfortable for back seat adults as well. Thus far, there is nothing about the RDX that I do not like. Definitely a welcomed change!
I bought this car 4 months ago and love it! Quality materials and construction inside and out. This car feels more luxurious than many of the higher priced cars I drove and has so many more features when you add the Tech Package (totally worth the added expense, especially if you spend a lot of time on the road). I use the Bluetooth, the voice commands, and the Navi-traffic on every trip. Gas mileage could be better. My overall MPG (for 6000 miles) is 22.5. Not great when I compare it to my old Honda CRV, but is still better than I expected. To sum it up, if gas mileage is your primary concern, stick with the CRV or go to a sedan. Otherwise, you really can't go wrong with the RDX.
Drove home with the RDX w/Tech a few days ago and am absolutely loving this vehicle. The common complaints are gas mileage and bumpy ride but those are VERY easy to overlook with all of the other great features of this vehicle. The ride isn't THAT bumpy, but it certainly is a little rough. Freeway driving is very nice and I'm averaging about 18-19 on my first tank of gas with a good mix of city/frwy. My wife will probably get better MPG as she doesn't have a lead foot like I do. Overall, great value - tech package is amazing... best on the market (and I'm a geek) without question. Build quality is solid with a lot of little cool features.
I can't say enough about the new RDX! I absolutely love this vehicle! This is my 4th Acura and they keep getting better. Everyone interested in an SUV should put this on their list! Once they drive it, they won't be looking anywhere else!
I was so hesitant to look at the RDX after I read all of the reviews about it being too bumpy of a ride with lots of wind noise. Coming from a truck based sport utility, this car screams luxury and comfort. The console is amazing and offers every amenity you can think of plus all of the gee-whiz gadgetry that appeal to the 30-something market. The stereo system is the best out there as well as the navigation package. The car handles the road like a sports car and fields the bumps just fine with minimal wind noise. If you are looking for a pillowy ride to tote your kids around this isn?t it. You just need to drive it for yourself to find out if it is a fit for you and your family.
This Crossover SUV is a blast to drive. I think its the best value in its class. This was designed to compete with BMW's X3 and does so quite nicely. Similarly equipped you would have to spend about $8,000 more if you opted for the BMW. The Acura has a well crafted interior that is is full of luxury. The handling is extremely sporty, it drives a lot like a sedan with all the great features of having a SUV. I have noticed some negative reviews regarding gas mileage, feeling bumps etc... It seems to me those people don't have common sense. If you want a crossover with sports car like handling and performance, you will give up some gas mileage and cushyness on the road. 
Honestly, I was never even considering a Japanese SUV until I took the RDX for a test spin. I love the zero to 60 in 6.8 secs, SH-AWD (it truly works!), no-lag turbo. The RDX V4 Turbo is as good as any V6 guzzler SUV you see in the market, even better in some sense. And not to mention, the tech features are just fabulous. Everything works great. The RDX handles way better than BMW X3. And come on, the luxury and reliability of Acura can never be beat. The pricing is too good as well. And the best thing, the car is going to tell me when it needs servicing. Until then, I dont even need to take it to the service guys. How cool is that?! Go Acura!
Love this SUV/Car. Technology packed in the car for the price is outstanding. Stereo is best I've ever heard in a car. Incredible handling in the snow. 4000+ miles now, and each mile makes me happier I purchased the RDX. Drives like a sports car, without the cramped seats and crappy ride.
I am a young single male who works hard and plays hard. From what I have read that was the market segment Acura was hoping to target. They definitely hit the nail on the head with the RDX. This car fits my lifestyle perfectly. Whether it's a night out on the town with friends, a business luncheon, or a snowboarding trip up north, the RDX handles all of my needs flawlessly. I was concerned about how fun it would be to drive since I was coming from a sports car, but boy was I wrong. This car is such a treat to drive, it doesn't matter where you are going. It's fun, comfortable, and has great features. This is one of the first cars I have owned that doesn't have a single rattle or squeak.
Plain super, I love the vehicle. I was contemplating between fully loaded RAV4 and BMW X3. I am glad that I test drove RDX, within minutes I was certain that I was going to buy RDX. Turbo engine gives great accelaration, which I like better than v6 of RAV4. You get a feel of road while driving this suv which is very much like x3. RDX definitely score big points on style (interior and exterior). I have driven this car in lots of snow and icy conditions, Acura's SH AWD and Vehicle Stability Assistant provides super handling. I love driving this so much that I kinda want to be on road all the time.
I've owned the RDX for a month now and I still can't wait to drive it - I look for excuses. It handles magnificently and the turbo provides impressive power. Interior fit and finish is top notch and the seats are comfortable. When cruising at 80 it feels like you're doing 50 because it is so quiet and refined (the 4-cyl is only tach'ing 2800 at 80mph). Great handling and cornering as well with a ride that makes you feel in control. Driven it in two snowstorms and the SH-AWD & VSA performed excellently, keeping the car straight and in control.
Averaging almost 20 mpg on first tank including urban Chicago driving and expressways. Handling very much on par with an X-3 and feels a little quicker and certainly more opulently finished interior. The 4 cylinder is surprisingly responsive. Feels faster on than the 2005 RL we traded even though comparable weights.
This is our 3rd Acura & is the best and our favorite one to date! This car is simply awesome! The AWD in the snow and ice is amazing. The features and comfort of this car are excellent. This car is luxury, drives like a sports car and has the utility of a SUV.
I purchased my RDX this week, the day before a large winter storm hit our area. I thought the vehicle performed very well on the icy, snowy roads. The roads are dry today, and I love the handling and feel. The turbo engine has a lot of pep. The interior and exterior are very sharp. I've gotten lots of compliments already from admirers who've noticed the vehicle. I also love all the things that Acura has made standard on the RDX that are options in vehicles from other automakers. Overall, I'm very happy with the purchase and would recommend this vehicle to anyone interested in a smaller SUV that drives more like a sportscar.
Our RDX is as solid as can be. It has no problems handling grades. Matter of fact, it is tough to keep it from racing off. The car has plenty of power, is very comfortable and has excellent ergonomic design. It does eat up fuel, but I'll take its appetite over my old Maxima. It truly is amazing, Acura is in a whole different class.
The most comfortable, fun car I've ever owned.
I have owned this for a week now and I could not be more impressed with this car. I traded my 2002 TL and can't believe how much better the RDX handles. Acceleration is great for a two ton auto. The fit and finish of the interior is second-to-none with a smartly designed cockpit and great seats. I got the tech package and the ELS sound system rocks! Nav is easy to use, handsfree bluetooth works like a charm. I have read many reviews from others complaining about the gas mileage. I am averaging 17.5 after 600 miles of mixed driving. If you are constantly stomping on the gas (and jamming on your brakes) you'll get 12 mpg. You only need to feather the gas pedal and the turbo will move you!
Best car that I have had. And believe me, I've had every make out there. It's very fun to drive!! It's impossible to learn all the features it has. They just pop out and you think "There's onother feature I did't know!!" Its a great car, it's an SUV sports car.
We use the vehicle for work and travel. We love the tech package. HandsFree link is a favorite. The rear camera, SH-AWD is a must. Feels very safe to drive.
We purchased this vehicle to replace the Honda Odyssey that I hated at 13 mpg. I wanted the MDX but couldn't get into that one at the time - should have tried. Anyway, this one has much better mpg, fun to drive, great looks, fairly easy entry/exit for "fat" mama. Wish it had the power lift gate, auto on headlights (my Pontiac did). And I wish I could pair my phone to it-- technology. We love the Navi! Wish our two Fits had that!
I have a BMW 323i and love it. I bought a lexus 330 3 years back b/c BMW does not do well in snow :) Lexus is a smooth car but NO excitment to drive.. I was looking for a car w/ good in the snow, comfortable to drive long distance, fun to drive, can hold 4 people comfortably, good cargo area - the RDX fit the bill for all these. Being a female, I find most of the SUVs are TOO big and too heavy for me. This car feels like a sports sedan, except that it is taller and wider. The turbo give you the 'peep' of sporty ride. Yes there is more driving noise then a Lexus, but it's a trade off for performance.
This vehicle handles like a dream. I was reluctant to purchase an SUV because of their traditional fuel consumption but this vehicle gets pretty decent milage. The interior has the feel of a sports car and the turning radius is awesome. Safety was a big deal for me and the RDX has almost everything you could ask for in security at an affordable price. This is my second Acura and it is every bit as impressive as the first. There is also much to be said about the way Acura cares for their customers. I'm an Acura customer for life.
The car is great. It drives like a sports car, but it is a safe, small suv. Highly recommended.
Me and my wife absolutely love this car. We were previous owners of an RX8 and making the switch to an suv/cuv we expected loss on the fun factor. Turns out this car is a lot of fun to drive and feels solid all around. Gas mileage has been around the 19/20mpg with mixed driving. Everything I had hoped for.
My car is my office as I put a lot of miles on my car. The RDX sold me on several points: 1) its outward style; 2) its interior design; 3) the Technology Package (outstanding audio and navigational system!); 4) the quality, fit, and finish of the interior materials; 5) the comfortable driver's seat; 6) its handling and performance; 7) the excellent warranty; 8) and Acura's reputation for building excellent cars and providing great service. The RDX has been very fun to drive thus far. Some might say that it drives too harsh; however, I am more than willing to sacrifice a little cushiness for the excellent handling and road feel the RDX provides. Additionally, this car really turns heads! 
Technology package is superb. Fit and finish interior also superb. Seats are very comfortable - esp given size of car. Only problem is gas mileage and it requires premium fuel. If Acura corrects this they would have a more sought after car.
I purchased this car never having driven an Acura before, and I was sold from the minute I sat in the seat. Comfortable, secure, and sporty. The performance of the RDX greatly surpassed my expectation. Far better than any of the competitors in its class. And the technology features are easy to use and the voice recognition can do anything from find a location to turning on the A/C. I would highly recommend the RDX to anyone wanting to purchase a small SUV with performance and technology.
Had for 1 year, 14,000 miles. Excellent fuel economy 27-30 on all highway. No mechanical problems. My wife would like an adjustable passenger seat, seating position too low. Fit and finish second to none. RL has plenty of power I use it often on steep hills. I like the styling much more than the 09 grille has a richer more elegant look than the 09. Handling is great in high speed situations, far superior to the TL. I like the exterior design, quite understated, however I do see the point of someone saying it looks too much like a Honda. I understand the 2011 will be a totally new car. Acura/Honda really does want to compete with the best from Lexus. After all is said and done would I buy it again... for sure.
This has been an excellent purchase and both my wife and I are very pleased with the car. My only comment is that I feel the passenger seat should have the same power features as the drivers side - i.e., the seat is too low for my wife.
So far I have owned the car for a couple of months and do not regret the purchase at all. I bought it for safety primarily but realized that it also has the legendary Honda quality. The details of this car are incredible, better than the German cars and value wise by 15 K at least also. The car feels like a tank but has the power to go when needed,. This car has near 300hp and you feel every horse! The AWD is incredible, it would take a bulldozer to take it off course. 
Like most readers I've driven them all, but this one delivers a lot of bang for the buck. Does not handle like a 5 series, will not out accelerate a 550i, but it handles beautifully, is great on the road, and has an interior and audio system that puts the 5 series and E-Class to shame. Put that together with Acura's reputation for reliability and we have a BIG winner.
This car looked like a terrific value, but it has not turned out that way. I was looking forward to "Honda Reliability" but too many things just don't work well or are gimmicky. Fuel economy is atrocious (14-15), electronics don't work that well, run-flat tires are super loud, there is some wind noise, key fob/keyless entry never works the same twice in a row. Car is pretty slow off the line, but decent on the highway. Ride is too much of a compromise. Handling is good, but the Michelin run-flats are lousy performance tires in all but the correct temperature range. I came out of an Audi A8, and would NOT buy this car again.
We wanted an AWD sedan after a string of average SUVs. This vehicle is a beauty. Excellent build quality and finish. It would be difficult to beat the value for money. It rides smoothly and is very comfortable. We are delighted with our purchase so far. 
Just purchased my RL. Build quality equal to or better than Lexus. A great value with current market support. SH-AWD useful in all weather, not just snow. A smart looking car, however not screaming 'I am here'. Had a 2004 TL and liked it, this is much more car. I hope resale is as good on this as it was on my TL. Also owned a 2001 BMW 525, no comparison. The BMW was more like my TL. RL does seem overpriced until you drive it.
Number one attribute isno wind noise. The only reason you can hear the quiet tire noise is because there is no wind noise. Very comfy seats.Great tech features. Not enough power especially low end torque. Phenomenal handling characteristics. This car will turn on a dime with good manners. Fuel ecomony is poor, but I don't put on so many miles that it's a factor.
I love the car. It handles very well, a little sluggish compared to other car, MB CLK 430A, but is sufficient. I had a little bit of an initial quality problem, HID headlight on right side burned out first day or so. Car was due to go back for dealer add-ons, so no biggy. Was kinda shocked though. Key fob was nightmare for first two weeks. I made the mistake of initializing the car with driver 2's key rather than the #1 key, the car hated that. It would madly and incessantly lock/unlock and beep when I stood next to the car. Reinitialized the car to the driver 1 fob, and it hasn't happened since!
I drove a BMW prior to this, and loved it, but I am thrilled with my Acura RL. It is so smooth, very responsive, comfortable as it could possibly be, and has every possible bell and whistle for thousands less than its Teutonic competition. I chose it over Infiniti M35 because, in my test, it handled better, and I much prefer the looks. GREAT car so far.
If not the best vehicle for under $40K it has to be in the top five. Exceptional build quality, great performance, just a great vehicle. First time I've had strangers compliment my vehicle. Would definitely buy again.
I love this car! I haven't had it long but I am very impressed with how well it handles the road. The RL is a solid vehicle and is equipped with just about everything for less money than its competitors. 
This car is just an incredible vehicle, very high tech, but easy to figure out. The stereo is awesome, love the subwoofer. Controls are very accessible. Voice command system works great. Smooth ride, don't even know you are going as fast as you are (yikes). Gas mileage not as good as I hoped, but it is all wheel drive. This car has many options that you would pay 10k more for vehicle. handling is incredible and steering response is nice
Drove high end MBZ and Lexus for decades. Bought the RL for the seat (bad back) and took what came with it. For 20K+ difference I'm more than pleased with the result. The RL is a dream to drive, and the cornering is amazing. The engine has all the power I need. I concur with all the positive comments seen here and have only one big squawk. I HATE THE STEERING WHEEL! It's not the wheel that's so bad even if it is too slippery, it's that it's loaded with so much stuff it looks like a game controller. The shift paddles are right in the way for a clean grip as are the telephone buttons which I don't use either. Remove that crap and sticky up the wheel and I'd give "fun to drive" a 10 also.
The Acura RL w/Tech Pkg. is truly a dream machine. Dynamically engineered, superb build quality, fit and finish, quality materials and technically ahead of its competition. The RL is the best kept secret of ?07. It goes beyond the ?Best Bang for the Buck?; this well crafted automobile has exceeded my expectations in every way. 
The RL is a magnificent machine, and far and away the best value in its class. It is cram packed with cool technology and the AWD delivers amazing handling in all kinds of weather. Fit and finish are supurb. This car puts a smile on my face every day on the way to work each morning and tempts me to take the "long way" home each night. Highly recommended.
The RL has been everything it was made out to be. Interior styling is excellent and instruments easy to see and use. Exterior is sleek with the exception of the standard wheels, kind of boring. The upgrade they offer cost $3000 and you have to go to 18" rims. Only knock I have.
I compared the BMW 5 series, Mercedes, Audi6 and Lexus 350. No comparison. The RL has SO many more features for the money it is no comparison. The RL is SOOO comfortable to drive. I got the tech package being a techie myself. I love the quality and ergonomics of the interior design. The V-6 has some punch but not like a V-8 (my only complaint). The AWD is simply awesome. The Bose 10 speaker stereo is unbelievable!
I enjoy owning the RL. It is very comfortable and easy to handle. Acceleration is mild for horsepower rating. It behaves as though it has turbo lag. Entry is awkward, seat and steering wheel take position when I get in the car rather than waiting until door is closed or car is started. Standard battery capacity is low. Have had to charge battery twice from sitting car with engine off trying to learn/program the computer navigation system. Fuel economy is good.
I drive 120 miles per day R/T from Long Island to New Jersey. About 45 miles is on highways with traffic with about half during high traffic rush hour. Average speed about 40 mph. Gas mileage typically 22-23 mpg. On longer, non traffic trips 26 mpg. Never got less than 19 mpg. Car has 12,000 miles... no defects or repairs. Very comfortable, all the power you need, handles well, nothing to really complain about.
Quality, perfect never back to dealer for anything except for free car washes. I owned Porsche and BMW, quality can not compare - great value and better overall perfomance.
Truly have fallen in love with this car, because of it's intelligence. The german offerings do not have the creature sensitivity the Japanese can create. The driving experience includes more than just speed or performance. Integrated with it's performance is driver comfort and assistance. If you appreciate deep intelligence in design.....get this car and you won't want to ride in any other car when you go places.
I really love my Acura TL-Type S. The fit and finish of this car is really nice. Every time I walk out and get into the car I look forward to turning the ignition key. It drives very well on the open road and the freeway. We took a 6K+ trip this summer and the car turned out to really be a great touring sedan. I think it is the best looking car on the road on the outside. I find the seats comfortable. Braking is superb. Overall I think it is one of the best designs ever. If you can pick up a used one, what a great value it will be.
This is my 2nd TL - love the style. Also have a 2003 G35 which I'm thinking of trading but in no way will I buy the new 2009 TL. It's become one of the ugliest new vehicles on the road (also heavier & bloated). I think acura's 25 year old 2009 vehicle designer needs some design school mentoring. Also the new ZDX not only has the ugly front but it also has an "asteck" type rear. 5 of my professional colleagues who now have Acura's will not come back to the new - gen. quirky styles. Too bad; it's really a good engineered vehicle; but then so are many of it's competitors. The G37 stats will blow out the new TL stats - and it's not UGLY. Disappointed in Acura.
I cross shopped all the others in this class (Lexus, Infiniti, even BMW and Mercedes) I couldn't get anywhere close to the options for the money. This car comes loaded for less. The build quality is great, the engineering in this vehicle is superb. They thought of everything. Every surface has a pleasant texture, the switches and knobs operate perfectly with weighted balance. The Navi is a must, it transforms the experience in the car. Others just have a moving map of sorts, this becomes the control center for the car. Audio, climate, everything. You can use conventional buttons, touch screen or voice commands. Handles and drives well for a larger car. Very sharp design inside and out.
This has been the best car overall that I have driven. It looks good, is screaming fast (faster than similar Lexus, BMW, and Infiniti I've driven). BMW 330xi was a close second to purchase, but a little plain on the interior and definitely overpriced. No problem with rattles except center speaker, and only on extremely rough roads (read eastern Washington's I-90). The sound of exhaust sealed deal for me. Sweet music to the ears. I often turn off the amazing DVD-A surround just to listen to the car. Beautiful. I have yet to find a smoother V6. Great looks. Solid build. Well thought out. No problems at all. Brakes are fantastic. Kids get creamy leather dirty, but cleans up nicely.
40k miles and no problems except for battery dying, but Acura replaced it free. This car runs as well as it did when it was brand new. I'm reading a lot of posts complaining about squeaks/rattles but on mine, it's minimal. Since buying this car, I did drive a friend's G35 which definitely has better acceleration off the line. However, the interior trim and lower cost of the TL still makes it the right choice in my book. One negative think I agree with is the ipod connector. I honestly didn't even know it existed until reading these posts because it's in such obscure location. 
Oh, our beloved TL. Your misgivings are few, but substantial. We've owned the car for 28mos/24k now. Designed and destined for success in a "North America-Only" market, I feel it's a moderate success. Unlike some competitors, the cup holders really work; The seats and driving position are magnificent for those of larger proportions; The stereo is phenomenal; Fuel economy is above average; the 'value' equation is substantial. The shortfalls, however, drive us insane. The 45-series tires seem to have temper tantrums with the suspension tuning. The steering is incredibly vague and twitchy off-center. The transmission is clunky and crude. Low-end power is absent. Wouldn't buy another.
For a luxury car, the TL performs well, but is under-powered compared to others in the same class like the Infiniti G35 and the BMW 3 series. The suspension and handling is impressive at the expense of a smooth ride and a very poor turning radius. The 07 automatic transmission is less responsive than what I would expect from a luxury car Trim and paint quality is no better than the paint used on Honda cars while paint on the Infiniti is better. Road noise and rattles are the biggest issues with this model and Acura and Honda in general. There are known rattles in the 2007 TL many coming from the window sills front and back. Most do not happen all the time thus hard to trouble shoot
I love my Acura, but been having things go wrong; Navigation has been replaced once already, and now is still freezing up. Dealer says not sure what problem is. A lot of rattles inside cabin, Engine panels are being scratched by hood, along with the strut hood support. Plastic caps on door, and door panels rattle loose, plastic covering comes off on door pockets. Front grill piece of Acura logo, starting to rust. Why did they put a tape cassette player in it? Plugging in i-POD cable a joke and hard to operate when wire is snaked through arm rest. Why put heated seat buttons near cup holder? Coin collector keeper comes loose all the time when arm rest lifts up.
This car has done what I thought was impossible. It's taken the fun out of driving. Outward visibility is useless. It's like living/driving in a cave. The all-back interior is hearse-like and depressing. The transmission is wonky. It has an impossible-to-read mind of its own. The suspension. Don't get me started. It can't decide whether it's a sports car or a sedan. The gas mileage is horrible. Sitting at idle in heavy traffic, you can watch the needle on the gas gauge slip down, down, down. The HVAC controls are confusing. 
I purchased an '07 TL after owning 2 accords. Notable step up. Fit and finish is superb. Comfort is fine for a 6 footer. Performance is generally very good. Low speed torque / gearing can sometimes be annoying. Brakes are as smooth and quiet as any I've experienced. It does not handle like a race car, but it is not a race car. For its purpose and market, handling is fun and responsive. Mechanics and reliability after 22,000 miles is perfect. I do not share other writers' experiences with rattles. This car is well insulated. Not the first rattle in my experience. BTW, the sound system is great, but I do agree that the ipod jack is poorly located.
This car is amazing especially considering the price. We looked at the IS 350 and the G35S, The TL Type S has more bang for the buck. It comes fully loaded with touches like a back up camera. We?ve had our TL for 3 weeks and have put 1000 miles on it. The fuel mileage did improve after the break in period, and is now averaging 22 mpg. This car is not only fast but very entertaining. If you?re a techno geek, this car is for you. It has so many features it comes with 3 manuals. I?m still learning the Nav system. Steering wheel controls for climate, radio, blue tooth phone and voice-activated Nav are great and add to safety. I find myself using two hands on the wheel more.
If you believe an ultimate driving experience is more than just rubber on the road, then the TL Type S is sure to please. My daily commute is approximately 95% freeway in Northeast Ohio. I don't slalom or corner hard so the rear wheel drive experience is lost on me. The TL does exhibit torque steer but that is really only noticeable when using the "Manual Mode" and accelerating hard. I was surprised to experience torque steer shifting into 2nd, but with 286 HP, I should have guessed. This car is a dream to drive and the interior design, techno-features and build quality far out-delivers the BMW. 
So I picked up my Type S about 12 hours before writing this review, boy it is one thing of beauty, I got the Blackhawk with the taupe interior, a thing of beauty, the paddle shifters are way better than shifting manually and they are very precise. I went from a 2005 Nissan 350z to this sweet ride and it was well worth it. I am getting used to the luxury of having a backup camera and the navigation is a joy. Even though I live in New York City, I don't plan on getting lost much any longer. Well overall I give it a 9.99 out of 10. Hope this helps, ps. go for the 2 tone interior, it looks cool too.
I compared the Type S with 6 speed manual to BMW 335 and Audi A4. The TL is much more roomy inside, especially the rear seat foot/legroom (TL more like BMW 5 series for interior room). I bought red exterior with lighter interior - was gonna get black interior but decided too dark. TL has highest crash test safety ratings, highest Consumer Reports score for its class (entry level luxury). The navigation system is excellent and easy to use. The clutch is perfect and the shifter snick-snickety smooth - real nice! The motor sounds awesome - like a turbo almost, and car is fast! Car is a real pleasure to drive. Audio system is excellent. Good value.
I've had mine for about three weeks now and had an accident on the passenger side. The airbags worked perfectly. Only the ones that should have deployed actually did. The other car hit me fairly hard and the doors protected the passenger side appropriately. VERY FUN TO DRIVE. Reminds me very much of the older BMW 540, lots of torque and tons of horsepower. The only real difference I can see is that it's made better, has more features, and costs an awful lot less. It's also a lot better looking than the new Bangle bimmers. The technology in this car is unsurpassed. Maybe a $90+K Mercedes has it beat, but I didn't pay $90k did I. :)
The car is incredibly fun to drive. Engine is so sweet, transmission precise, awesome seats, technology galore, the red/white instrument panel is truly a thing of beauty, like a jet cockpit!! I had to replace two rear defective struts, and fix a rattle in the back, but other than that, I just love to drive this car. I looked at G35 and IS 350, and this one was the best (especially in rear leg room). And has the best combination of options for less money. I drive my Type S just to drive it sometimes, drive around town just for the enjoyment. And I love how it looks, and all interior features. Nice NICE car.
I recently traded my 01 BMW X5 4.4 sport package in for the new Acura TL Type-S. I love the Type-S performance and all the toys are in. 
Traded in my BMW X5 4.4i for the 07 Acura TL. It was a wise decision. The TL has a totally comfortable and smooth ride. I love the bluetooth, oh did I mention the better gas mileage. I am sure they will be changing the body style within the next 2yrs. I will probably trade-up then.
I tend to keep vehicles for 10+ years, and previously owned a 1998 Honda Accord 4cyl which I had clocked 190K+ miles and was looking to upgrade. After looking at the 2007 Accord 6cyl, I was attracted to the body style and features of the Acura TL. The negotiated price was close to that of the Honda fully loaded. Since I adore the reliability of the Honda engine and drive train, I decided to give the Acura a closer look. I am not disappointed. The car is quiet, gets great gas mileage (I average 30-32 on the highway), and has power to spare when needed. The inside is comfortable, the ride solid but not too stiff. I love it. Turning radius & high octane gas are the only negatives; it's worth it!
Being a California driver our freeways often have slow pokes and indy drivers mixed in the fray. I can not tell you how much confidence this car gives me to pull into another lane and pull away from somebody running up my rear camera. I have had the porsches, bmrs, and mbz. This car is a kick in the pants, awesome sound system, and good looks to boot.
A great car indeed for the money. Performance is very good and overall a great car to drive.
Fun to drive but does not go well in snow. Great looking interior and very comfortable. The Bluetooth is very inaccurate and extremely frustrating. Any noise in the car (i.e. fan or highway) throws off the voice activation of the Bluetooth. No dummy light for washer fluid. Cigarette lighter too close to the transmission stick. DVD stereo is nice but only DVD music works and there are very few of those and they won't work on regular CD players. Tire pressure indicator goes on in cold weather. I had planned to keep this three years, but I'm going to trade it in before hand. Even though I am a Honda fan, our Toyota Sienna handles the detail much better than my Acura TL. I won't buy another. 
My last two cars were 2005 Mazda 6(V6) and a 1997 Nissan Maxima. I love the voice command, navigation voice and bluetooth(cell phone). I wish I would have just purchased this car before any other I would have saved time and energy. 
From the test drive to the drive home to the drive way, this is the most exciting car in this price range I've ever driven. My drive to work is 30 min. and it's not long enough for me to enjoy my new TL. Sometimes I find myself driving the scenic route to work. All I can say is this is a true driver's car - drive it, you'll love it.
I traded in my Accord and S2000 for a car that combines the best elements from each car into one. It has power, quickness, great handling, great brakes, great looks, and more features than any other car! I am hooked for a long time with Acura now and will never turn back. I hope to see the SH-AWD in 09 and will trade up to that. Also, I hear that even more power is coming! 
This is my first brand new car, amazed with the handling, music system and Nav. Excellent value for money. Best in its class!!
The interior is fantastic and is open enough to accommodate many body types & sizes. It's more of a luxury sedan then a performance sedan. The TL Type-S is basically the same as the TL except it adds a bigger engine with some added HP but it's still attached to a FWD vehicle, good for those who like the extra power. The interior design, fit and finish is excellent, the exterior is getting to be a bit outdated but it's still noticeable on the road. Comes with Honda reliability and it's fun to drive factor is high for a car that's not really designed to be fun to drive. Fuel economy is on par for a sedan.
I traded my 06 BMW 530i for the TL Type-S. My BMW had less horsepower and less torque and cost 15k more money. Honestly, I have more fun driving the TL Type-S.
In my opinion, this car beats the G35 and IS 350 hands down. Everything is standard and you get the honda quality plus lowest TCO in its class. I've read people complaining about its fuel economy but that's bogus. I get 23 mpg average between city and hwy and I have fun with this car. If you want 30 mpg, then be willing to settle for less than 286 hp and slow down your driving. For the power this engine pumps out and the size of the vehicle, it gets great fuel economy!
I love the Ack! I turned in a 2004 TL lease and got a new one, I am hooked. It is a sedan and sports car all in one. Much roomier than the TSX with finer quality interior and engine. I have no complaints about this car and plan on getting another one when my this lease is over. 
My silver 2007 called to me from the showroom floor. I was tempted by the Aura, but the lack of HID headlights and obvi was a deal breaker for me. Wonderful paint quality, interior and exterior design, and the new wheels make a great difference. This is my 4th Acura, 2 TLs an 2 MDXs and new models always correct issues I may have had with previous ones. Also, I've averaged 27 mpg in mixed driving over the first 2400 miles. But ride is stiffer than I expected, much stiffer than the Accord. Try it before you buy it, especially where roads suffer winter damage. And I also have the fuel light problem, although mine comes on after 13 gallons are gone from the 17 gallon tank - most annoying.
This car is like Heaven to me! It rides across bumps in the road very smooth. The interior is just so comfortable I could just sleep in my car!
It's fun to drive again. After 20 years of driving "basic transportation" I once again have a car that I take out in the evening just for the pure pleasure of drving. The Acura TL is simply the best car I have had. Selected over the Infinit G35 and BMW 328i because of total cost of ownership and value per dollar. 
Bought a 2007 Acura TL-S in late January and I love it. I was choosing between the TL-S and the Lexus IS 350. Went with the TL-S because it was bigger and more roomy than the IS 350. The car has quite a bit of "get up and go" and will do 0-60 in under 6 sec. Handles very well. Interior is very nicely done and the car looks great from the outside. It is really the ideal blend of sportiness and luxury and comes loaded. I love the NAV system and the bluetooth is great! I love the seats too - very comfortable. Tip for those who do not like the TL-S wheels: I asked the dealer if he could trade out the TL-S wheels for the regular TL wheels and they were happy to do it for no extra charge. Try it.
I have had 2 Lexus GS 300s - very nice & reliable but BORING and overpriced. Had a 2004 Infiniti G35, loved it, but had a few quirks that the dealership couldn't get fixed. G35 got totalled and bought the Acura TL one week ago. I love this car, it comes w/everything, drives and feels better than the last cars I have had, even the Lexus. Love the Bluetooth. This car came with the extras that I had to pay extra for on the other cars. Couldn't have made a better decision and the price couldn't be beat. Why pay $40K for a car with fewer options and poorer styling? 
I checked out the competition such as IS 350 and G35 and none can match the utility and value of the Type S. The navigation on the Type S blows away any of the competition and it is just a handsome vehicle. I get over 30 MPG when driving steadily at 70 mph. I just passed over 600 miles (break-in period) and stomped on the gas. WHOA! Is this thing fast!!
Our first acura after having 3 maximas. Maximas were all good cars but cannot compare to the TL. It just seems so much more refined, interior comfort is great and the ride is less harsh than our maxima se. Only have it for a month but so far, we're very pleased. 
It was time for me to to get rid of 2003 RSX type S that I've been driving for years. The 2007 TL type S not only filled the gap that I've been missing in the RSX-S, but surged my adrenaline beyond my expectation. Smooth and precise 6 speed manual gear box w/ limited-slip differential and 256 lb-ft of torque are the 2007 TL type S strongest points that clinched my decision to buy this car. I got to admit that I missed the scream from RSX-S between 3rd and 4th when VTEC kicked-in, but TL-S substitutes that w/ tourquey, high-pitched rumble exhaust modulation. Superb and very comfortable interior supports my decision to buy another 6 speed manual car, otherwise I'm going to fall asleep.
I used to drive a 2000 TL which got totalled recently as a truck hit me and rolled over the car. I walked off with not even a scratch. I went and got an 07 TL. Even though overall I like the car I still think the acceleration is sluggish, especially when I am going thorugh heavy traffic & signals. I can visibly feel very well the shifting of gears & really wish it was smoother. Other than this I like my car, all the faciliies are wonderful especially the Handsfree link and the MP3 player.
I've owned 3 TLs and this one is a rattling piece of junk. I can't believe Acura's quality has gone in the toilet. Transmission is extremely loud and engine is already ticking. The TL is a great value for the money but at what cost. The ride is very stiff. I would hate to see what the new S rides like. The rattling interior will drive you nuts. I mean virtually everything in the interior rattles due to cheap plastic parts. If you travel and you are in the car for many hours a day, THIS IS NOT THE CAR TO BUY!! BEWARE!!
Absolutely love my Acura TL Type-S. After test driving nearly every car in its class - BMW 330, Infinity G35 (2006), Mercedes C280, Lexus ES 350, etc.- this car stood out as the best option for me. It is comfortable, had solid performance, large back seat. My only 2 complaintsare that it gets just okay gas mileage, and the front end could be better styled. Overall love it!
This is my 3rd consecutive Acura (01CL, 04TL, 07TL S-type). i was not satisfied with the ride on the 04TL, and replaced the OEM tires with top line Bridgestones. ride improved dramatically. My 07 S-type has a harsh ride with the OEM tires. I realize it has a beefed suspension, but a tire change might be in order. Otherwise I am delighted with the new Acura TL S-type. It is an awesome vehicle in all respects.
Car comes loaded with all features. Handles well and looks great. Best value for the $$. Other similarly stocked cars will run at least 1-2k more. I'm averaging about 24 mpg right now. I hope to see a little improvement after break in, but it's not that bad. If you like having all the "gadgets" in a car, you will likely be pleased with the TL type-S. The ride is pretty quiet, but you'll love cranking the dvd-audio disks anyway. True surround sound in the car is pretty cool. I fit my two kids in the back no problem. I wouldn't recommend more than two adults, you'll be tight. The type S comes with rims that in my opinion don't really work with all colors. 
Bought a black exterior with black interior base 2007 in December 06. I love everything about the car except the gas mileage is a little below what I expected, I drive about 70% street and 30% highway and I constantly get 20 MPG at best. Also, I wish the low fuel light would not be so premature. It usually turns on and I only have to fill up 14.5 or 15 gallons so there clearly has to be 2 or more gallons left in the tank. But other than those minor issues. I love the car. Its roomy and comfortable yet still has a very sporty drive and all the features seemed to be well planned out to make as easy as possible for the driver.
The car is flawless. One warning: there is a technological curve with setting up your phone and using the navigation. Lots to read. Second warning: not all cell phones can be used to import the cell phone address book from phone to car. I had to buy a new phone that would support all the features. It's minor but my relatively new Razor was not able to transfer its information. This is a great value. Compare it to BMW 3 series and see what you get for the money. I think you'll be impressed.
Traded a 2002 Audi A6 for the Acura. Although not as luxurious as the A6, the Type-S is a whole lot more fun and rewarding to drive. The engine is one of the best and pulls strongly at any speed. I wanted a nice blend of sport and luxury and the front wheel drive Type-S does this very well. 
First, let me just say that I have been a staunch fan of the BMW 3 Series for years, but I have to say that they have lost me with the newest model, sedan and coupe. Specifically, the interior is low rent\ugly, and for $35K+ it shouldn't be. So, I test drove the TL and, wow, what a car! Granted, it's not quite the road handler that a 3 Series is, but it is just as good or better in every other respect. Build quality, check! Ride quality, check! Interior space\comfort, better! Acceleration, better! Value, much better! A similarly equipped 325i would have cost me $7,500 more. That's some serious dough! Bottom line; BMW lost me, but Acura found me!
After driving a 2006 TL for several months and purchasing a 2007 base model, here is my take on the differences. The 2007 is a little better overall. Its suspension absorbs bumps better than before while still maintaining its sportiness and handling. It's quieter on the highway and its seats are more comfortable (softer) - especially on longer rides. From the front, the separate fog lights, chrome-like strip along the bottom and integrated blikers in the side mirrors, give the car a more elegant look. The sporty body style, sporty handling and very comfortable ride made it a good choice for me. Notes: No squeaks or rattles, the new transmission is now derived from the RL's tranny.
I have owned Honda/Acura products for over 10 years, so when it came time to replace my TSX, the TL was the logical choice. I looked at the 335i, G35, and IS 350. They are all great cars, but each one had a few annoying features. The TL Type-S has all the performance I need, with a great interior and proven Acura reliability. I have had the car for 2 weeks now, and I do not regret any part of my decision. 
Test drove the Lexus IS 350, BMW 335i and Type-S. Type-S best deal for the $. Not the fastest car but great for everyday use.
We looked at a few cars that are considered in this class, and the TL Type-S is by far the nicest looking, nicest driving and the best bang for the buck. The drive by wire is great, and the torque is a nice surprise. Great car, drive it, you'll buy one.
I can't believe how much better the 07 Type S is over my old 06 TL. Handles like crazy. FAST! Everything is top notch. I bought the best! 
This is our first brand new car purchased in 26 years. We are very glad we waited for this. The car is everything we coud ever have wanted and more. The nav, sound system, fit and finish... truly superb... and then you get to drive it. WOW. Only concern is the mpg which should get better with added miles.
Decided to buy a 07 Acura TL type S instead of Lexus IS350 and BMW 330i and love it. Nav is by far better than Lexus and you can fully use it while driving. Over 600 voice commands on nav, Zagat restaurant ratings, real time traffic, standard HID lights, turn signals in mirrors, super bright LED taillights, red interior dash lights, High performance Brembo brakes, Real sport suspension with tight handling, Two-tone interior seating, dual front cupholders and a back seat that can actually fit two adults. Plus fully loaded w/ nav for $5k less than Lexus or BMW with navi and has great (honda) build quality. 
I recently traded my 06 Cadillac CTS in for the new 07 Acura TL Type S. I bought the Moroccan Red car with the upgraded 18" chrome acura wheels. I LOVE this color car with the chrome wheels. So, if you're unimpressed with the gray Type-S wheels you should check them out. The car handles well, has more get-up-and-go than my 04 GTO, and has optimal styling to boot. The back up camera is totally great for parking. The only negative I report is that it doesn't have the smoothest ride with the low profile tires. That is a mere negative compared to everything that it has to offer. 
Although it isn't the best car in any category, the 07 Type S does exceptionally well across the board - good acceleration, excellent interior and standard features, decent ride quality, etc. The most impressive part of the vehicle is its interior and the electronic gadgets that come with the car. The navigation is extremely easy to use, and I would have to say that only Lexus has a better nav system. However, I am finding that the fuel efficiency is quite a bit below what is advertised. As a side note, I test drove the 07 G35 AWD, 06 TL (A Spec and stock), IS350, and BMW 335. The Type S was a perfect blend of what I wanted at good price point (with the options included). 
I've had my car for a couple weeks now and it is now my 3rd TL, first was an 02 Type-S then an 04 with ASpec and now an 07 Type-S. This car so far has handled nicely, the looks are improved with Quad exhaust and the additional safety features are great. So far MPG has been quite a bit lower... hope that improves with break-in. Performance is unbelievable, acceleration feels more than previous TLs and steering feels much sportier and exact. Interior fit-n-finish is awesome, backup camera nice addition, much quieter interior than any previous TL, almost too quiet. Nice exhaust note. And I'm thankful Acura went back to NON-INTEGRATED fog lights! The perfect sports sedan for the Midwest!!
This is my 2nd Acura TL Nav. I just traded my '05 Anthracite for a new '07. Many people thought I was crazy, but it was well worth it. This car is much better than 2005. The ride is better, the features ext/int. the sound is awesome. This car is a keeper. I took white w/taupe this time, since it's more of a luxury color. There is nothing not to like in the new TL. Everything you need, you get.
As a proud owner of Hondas and Acuras for over 30 years, I can attest to the quality of the these very fine automobiles. Although a Honda man for over 10 years, it was a girlfriend who turned me on to Acuras and it's been a beautiful partnership for the past 20 years. Recently, I was involved in an accident that resulted in my hitting a tree and the car tipping over. The Acura absorbed the impact well enough for me to make it out of the car without a scratch. Yes, I thanked God for watching over me on that day. And I also thanked myself for having the wisdom to purchase one of the best built cars on the market. Thank you Honda/Acura. 
I'm not a fan of the wheels, but, like the color, they are nicer in person than pictures show. Torque steer is not an issue - I think Acura is limiting the torque on take-off. This could cut into 0-60 times though. Speaking of which, here are my guesses... 0-60 in 5.6. 1/4 mile in 14.3. The car pulls more once it gets moving. A later test with my g-timer will confirm these numbers. One thing of note is the sound system. It is AWESOME. Listen to the sample DVD that comes with the car and you will be sold. Fit and finish is nice. Handling is good but they put these junk Michelins tires on stock.
Just picked up this 07 TLS a week ago, and think it's about the coolest thing going, the voice activation, monster motor and MPGs. The onscreen shows 30 MPGs on a regular basis, and I find it hard to believe. Will do a little division myself to see if its true. When stomping on it, it can get a lot less. Got some of the speedo error reported on earlier TLs, and that's kind of a surprise for an Acura. Lovin it.
I purchased the 2007 Acura TL two day ago and I am very impressed. The build quality inside and out is excellent. Acura has addressed every little detail a customer could think of. The ride is solid and the amenities are vast. I owned a Mercedes C320 and it doesn't come close to the goodies Acura provides. German makers tend to nickel and dime you over options packages that are standard on the TL. So far - Acura has a customer for life. The 2007 comes with a rear back up camera with the navigation package, side mirror turn signal markers, new 18 inch wheel design and retractable keyless entry fob.
WOW. What an upgrade. I owned a 2004 TL and I just bought a 2007 TL Type-S and I love it. It looks good, aggresive even. It drives aggresively as well. When you own a sports sedan you should drive like it. The F1 shift option is great. With close to 300 ponies it flies. The Brembo brakes are a plus. The car turns on a dime and it's just a blast to drive. It's a 9.5 out of 10 in my book. Buy it and you will love it. It has all the gagets inside: Navi, voice recognition, MP3 hook up, 5.1 Dolby sound, rear view camera, XM radio. I'm sure I'm forgetting some thing, but there's just so much inside you tend to forget to list all the goodies.
I had a 2005 TL with Navi and I was waiting for the new improved TL. I 'm glad the TLS came finally, and I had the pleasure of buying it a few weeks ago. It has everything I ever wanted in car especially at this pricepoint. So test drive one and you will fall in love with it too.
My TL has proven to be the best value for the money car I have ever owned. The interior is comfortable, great nav system and bluetooth are extremely convenient, engine is powerful providing great pickup on the highway when needed. The number of features is immense and make it a car I hate to leave in the parking garage all day during work.
Great car for a daily commute. Plenty of toys and a wonderful sound system. Comfortable seats, voice command everything, silky 3.5L V6. Definitely worth the price over a base TL. Brembo brakes are also powerful and firm. 1,000 problem free miles so far in just 2 weeks. Just keep on improving it Acura! 
I test drove the BMW 335i and was very impressed, but after driving the new TL Type S, couldnt resist buying for $10,000 less than BMW! Great looking car, very fast, tech features next to none. Yes, the torque steer is there, but nothing I can't live with. The biggest adjustment for me was getting used to firmer sports seat than the BMW 7 series I was driving, but I guess that was unavoidable. If you want a well built, safe, sporty sedan with high tech options, this is the car. Bluetooth, voice activated Nav, and DVD 5.1 audio are incredible!! 
I just upgraded my 2005 Acura TL for the 2007 Acura TL Type S and was very surprised on the way it handled and looked. The 2007 Type S felt tighter around the corners and the acceleration was much quicker than my 2005 TL. As for the exterior of the car, I was very impressed on the changes that they made including the side mirrors, exhaust system, and the added fog lights. It looks very sharp! As for the interior, I love the ambient red lights in the Type S compared to the ambient blue lights. The Navi was upgraded and works to perfection and I especially like the MP3 hookup so I can connect my iPod. This is a "No Brainer" for all of the TL enthusiasts. I will be keeping this one!!
Just picked up our 07 TL today and drove it home, about 30 miles. Beautiful car, handles nice. The new Nav system is cool with the backup camera when you put it in reverse. Got a couple blind spots off both sides that I need to work on. Ride is very comfortable, not too soft and not too stiff. Stereo is outstanding. Enough gadgets to keep me studying for a bit. I like the new gauges over the previous ones. More later!
I am in love with this new car. It has very exhilarating performance. I think that the fuel economy is marginal. The transmission shifts quick and smooth.The TL Type-S is the perfect blend of performance and luxury comfort.The STANDARD rearview camera is very convenient. The nav system is very easy to use and to understand. Love the STANDARD bluetooth.
Traded a 2004 TL and the 2007 TL is much better, no rattles and rides a lot better. Fun to drive.
Previously leased two Acura RLs; bought the TLS based on the quality build and driving experience of those previous Acura cars. Wise decision. Better than expected MPG to date--26.5 for 38M miles which includes balance of city/highway conditions. Treadwear remaining--40%. Never an alignment problem. Acceleration is outstanding. Car is quiet, comfortable, and feels solid. Pearl white exterior stands out in a crowd. Maintenance expenses to date: $367 (about $.01 per mile). How the car may be improved: (1) Larger vertical space for trunk opening, (2) Fold down rear seats, (3) Keyless ignition, and (4) More foot space for rear passengers. Even with these suggestions, this is one first-rate car.
I had high regards for acura but after owning one for almost 2 years, it is going down. Brakes were gone after only 15000 miles, Timing belt Idler pulley needs to be changed after only 20000 miles. Passenger side mirror clicks and every time it needs to be lubricated. My used car for years was not giving me any of these troubles. Rattles a lot. I only use car for fun, I don't drive it to work. I do no consider it as a luxury car and will not buy any Acuras in future and will recommend the same to family and friends.
Most cars I have owned I either loved or hated, my 07 Type-s is a true love/hate relationship. I love the looks and styling, as well as the performance and sound of the engine. OK now for the hate, I hate that my almost $40k car rattles everywhere inside! The center speaker cover rattles. The rear subwoofer make the deck rattle. The interior itself is very impressive, perforated leather seats and all. After a month I also added tint to the windows, and had it immediately ruined by the drive scraping a cut in the tint.
Traded in my 4Runner for a 2007 Type S. Great car. Smooth and powerful acceleration, handling and braking are superb. I drive 60-70 miles a day, mostly highway. I used to hate driving to work, now it's the best part of my day. Great all around car, especially considering the cost. I get 25-26 MPG. This car is best used as a highway cruiser. If you need an 'around town' car look elsewhere. This thing wants to go fast.
I got the new 2007 Acura TL Type S after my 2004 had been rear-ended twice. I loved my 2004! Wish I had kept it now vs getting this 07. Sorry Acura, this might be the last. Based on my 04, my mom, dad, and several great friends bought one too. Some have already dumped their car. It has no power, no soul, the navi is junk, live traffic is delayed 30 minutes or more, bad in Atlanta. The windows squeal. Brakes are junk. Stereo is bad. This car does nothing for me. My 04 had soul, feeling, control, power. looks like my 20 yr loyalty will end.
This is my third Acura (second TL - had an '04 before this), and sorry to say probably my last. My first two were great cars. This one, however, has had annoying problems. Most have been fixed by the dealership, but there is a noise coming from the brakes they have tried to fix 4 times and can't get it to go away for more than about 2 days at a time. We also have a 2008 Infiniti G35 and I am much happier with it, although I like the TL better on the highway; more comfort that sport. I am very disappointed that they can't isolate the noise that I hear ALL THE TIME.. fix it already! Every time I get in the car and hear the noise I shake may head and say to myself, "last Acura I will own.
Very reliable, fun and peppy car to drive. Nice stereo. The front end torque is something I really have to stay conscious of - I end up all over the road, squealing tires, if I try to gun it. Also, need to exchange low profile tires for winter tires (in New England) or I will not be able to navigate in the snow - I spent most of my first winter at the bottom of my driveway and I bent a $400 alloy rim. Goes out of alignment very easily (again, NE has pot holes). TL-S very close to ground, bottoming out can be an issue. I think I will keep it but get an SUV for winter. 
Our TL had a driver door rattle. Took dealer 4 hours to find problem and fix. The mirror was was hitting something inside the door and they put extra padding to fix. All warranty. Highway mileage is excellent for size and power. Likes to drive fast to get best mileage. To turn off AC - display must say AC OFF - not blank - you will get 5-10% better mileage. Hands Free - Although when moving - the road noise interferes with its operation. 
Having happily owned Hondas (including Civics, Accords, Passports,CR-Vs and S2000s) since 1985, I really was eager to enter the luxury sport sedan market. What a treat this car has been. It moves like it's on rails, accelerates quickly, moves accurately, wherever you point it. On lengthy trips, my wife is able to nap, leaving me to enjoy the driving experience. No problems, no complaints with the exception of the premium gas requirement which I was aware of from the beginning. "If you're gonna' play, ya gotta' pay."
I have always dreamed of getting an Acura ever since a friend of mine let me drive his. This car has such a great takeoff and is gorgeous! I do, however. hear rattling in the door. Sometimes it is hard to make a u-turn well. I love the navi, the surround sound, HF links. I am not aware of the gas light coming on because I try to fill up at half tank. I do wish that they would make it run with regular unleaded especially now with gas prices so high. All-in-all I think the 2007 Acura TL is the a blessing!
I love this car and was dreaming about it for more than 4 years. Now that I have it, its so fun to drive it. Wish it gave better fuel economy but if you can pay for the car, you can pay for the gas. I wish it had just a little more power when I hit the gas. Its quick no doubt, but could be quicker from the get-go. 
This is more of a performance car than luxury. If you are looking for something that is quiet and very comfortable, you should go for the RL from Acura or BMW 5 series or any car in that range. The suspension on this car is more towards handling than comfort so it's a little tougher than what you expect from a luxury car. Don't get me wrong the car is brilliant, with the wide tires, it has a lot more grip, which increases stability and handling. Overall, a great performance car!
Subtle sporty looks combined with a power-plant befitting Honda?s ?no boring drives? slogan. The manufacturer?s strong credentials and this car?s appeal made me give-up my beloved Accord EX V6 (1998, good low-profile tires). With the Type-S, I got a faster, safer and more luxurious car. Normal driving is smooth, but floor it and WOW! Which brings me to the torque steer issue: not a problem unless you want a race car. I put the VSA (vehicle stability assist) system of the Type-S through a real-life test on an icy parking lot this winter, and at 80km it kept the car on track by activating alternatively the rear brakes when I steered heavily in an attempt to get it to skid. Canadian-winter approved!
Best car I've had. Makes you wanna drive for the sake of doing it. Good acceleration, can throw you back in the seat. Comfy front seats, rear is a little bit tight. Looks AMAZING clean. Speaker cover in the dash rattles a tiny bit after a year. Had to get the door latch fixed but that's it so far.
This is my first TL and unfortunately will be my last. The engine pings and I've used nothing but 93 octane fuel. 
On a return trip to Dallas, TX from Austin our average mph was 73 & gas consumption was 32 mpg (did hit 33 for a short time). Can't beat that with a stick!!
Aside from the nice appearance, this car has been a grave disappointment. I test drove the TL on a nice flat road. But in the real world, when I am accelerating over an uneven surface, the wobbliness of front wheel drive become painfully apparent, especially with 286HP. I have had persistent issues with cabin noise - there are constant creaks when going over bumpy roads - it makes the car sound cheap. I had a defective starter which needed replacement. The nav system is not very smart. The tranny had issues with the 3rd gear that needed fixing. Most importantly, the 3.5L engine is prone to pinging.
In first 11 months car was back to the dealer for 34 business days for repairs. While the car has some zip, many problems have plagued this car. Engine would not turn over 3x and have replaced 3 batteries due to short in Hands Free Link and took dealer 2 times to correct the problem. Car alarm chip has been replaced 2x as alarm goes off randomly. Trunk latch has broken 2x and replaced by the dealer. Car handles well in warm weather but does not handle snow well at all. Expected a better experience for the price I paid for the vehicle.
My third Type S and the best one to date, as a matter of fact it is the best car i have ever owned.
Had the car for a year now, it's a huge step up from the Accord I was previously driving. It's a great deal, the competition costs thousands more for the same features. Gas mileage is great too, on a 500 mile road trip I averaged 34 MPG! This car isn't for everyone though. Those looking for the ultimate sports sedan (think BMW minded buyers) will say it's FWD and not sporty enough. Those wanting a cushy serene ride (think Lexus ES) will say it's too sporty and has too much road noise. You can't please everyone but for me this car is what I consider to be an ideal blend of everything. It doesn't excel at any one particular thing but does everything very well.
Went from a 2001 Chrysler Concorde to this car--amazing difference. Wanted something sporty coming off of the big gas-guzzling luxury car with no power. Love merging onto a highway and blowing everyone away. Mechanic friend was very impressed by it. Don't think I could find another car this size I would love as much. I am fortunate to not be experiencing the rattling or problems others are having. 
Over the last 4800 miles, the computer tells me I'm averaging 28MPG. Nothing wrong with that. Getting a fuel warning at 13 gallons is annoying; dealer tells me it can't be fixed. Otherwise, this is a great car - wonderful integration of electronic and mechanical bits, thoughtfully engineered, quick and comfortable. This is my fourth Acura (2 TLs, 2 MDXs) and I've never been left by the side of the road, something my BMW-owning friends can't say Plus, my TL will suck the doors off a 528, sounds just as good doing it, and costs 10 grand less similarly equipped. 
If God had created the perfect car, he would have created the Acura TL Type-S. This car is one serious piece of machinery. It is a triple threat; all the safety of a Honda, all the power of a sports car, and the design to kill for. It is the perfect culmination of attributes looked for in sport sedan. Also, this car gets incredible fuel economy for being a 3.5L V6. The 5th gear overdrive enables the TL to cruise at 75 mph only spinning a mere 2100 rpms; that's impressive by any standards. The average mileage at 75 mph with the AC cranked up and the lights and radio on is an incredible 35 mpg. This car is a hands down winner in all categories of sports sedan.
Best car up to date. Good driving experiences, great leg room. 
Most luxurious sedan for this price range. Very satisfied with the interior qualities compared to other competitors.
If you like sporty and a cockpit like a jet you will love this car. This is my 3rd Acura and the best one yet. I added 18" wheels and I have the navigation system as well. I am still trying to figure out all that this car can do. You have to test drive this one.
Had an 01 CL and traded in for a comfortable 4 door in August. Went for the more affordable Honda Accord EXL V-6 and couldn't get past what I loved about the Acura's performance, handling, craftmanship. Very easy to go from Honda to Acura, not easy to go from Acura to Honda. I'm hooked. Went to Acura, and traded the 07 Accord for the 07 TL-Type S and don't understand what I was thinking in August! 
After test driving a number of sedans, I chose the TL over the Infiniti G35X. The TL is roomier and has a sporty ride with tight handling. (I loved the growling exhaust of the G35X but my wife thought it was too noisy. Oh well.) So far I haven't experienced any rattling and cabin noise which is a common complaint. I'm 6'3" and have trouble positioning the seat and steering wheel for optimal comfort. My hands and arms get sore on long trips. I'm clearly biased toward the Acura. This is the third Acura I've owned. I traded in a 1990 Legend. I hope to keep the '07 TL for many years as well.
This car is great. I had a 2006 BMW 5 series and this car great compared to it's rivals. The interior has a very specious more room . The music system and navi is top of the line and the seats are very comfortable. Belive me this car is very fun to drive. 
After one month of ownership, all is fantastic! Amazing automobile with no issues to this point. Taking some time to learn all of the system(s) capabilities, but WOW! Gas mileage is getting better with each mile. 
I got my TL Type S July 07. It has 3500 miles on it and love it. It's gorgeous! I am very comfortable in it, although I am not very big. My husband is not as comfortable but he's tall. I love the power and the handling that this car offers. Step on it and go! I like the feel of the road, and this car has that. My kids are comfortable in the back. The sound system is great. I love the back up camera & the ipod plug. I do have a rattle on the back trunk lid part where the speakers are. Will have them check it at my first service. I did have to replace one of the tires because I hit a pothole ($240). Tire guy told me the low profile tires are horrible. They look cool tho. So far very happy!
This car has about as much fun as you do. It corners nimble and stays on line in the direction it is pointed. The suspension gets into front and rear tires when tight cornering and launches the car out of the turns into the straights with positive acceleration pushing you back into the seat.
This car is great. I had a 2004 Infiniti G35 and this car tops it by far. The interior has more room (I am 6'4"). I have plenty of head room and ample leg room. The stereo and nav is top notch. And the seats are very supportive and comfortable. The power on the Type S is very solid. Though one thing I miss is the rear wheel drive on the G35. But, besides that this car is very fun to drive.
Bought this car because of its design and reliability. The second week I had ignition problem, which was fixed by the dealer. The car drives well and I feel very secure behind the wheel. But, the squeaks and the little noises drive me crazy. With every additional mile, the noises increase exponentially. The noise problem is present in every heavy car. I had a GS before, which was no stranger to the constant sounds but the noises are profoundly present in this car more than others. I would think again before buying this car again.
 Tried all the competition and chose this car, for it's the most balanced auto in terms of price, quality, engine, transmission, power, options, etc. Nice car no doubt! 
With 12,000 miles on the TL: Good points - the car runs better now - improvements in both gas mileage (31 MPG straight highway trip) and a smoother shifting transmission (too much shift shock before). Bad points - the car developed various squeaks and rattles over the last 11 months - glovebox, center speaker, driver vent, instrument cluster, etc. - most of them now fixed. The colder weather has brought an annoying driver's door & window rattle. The interior headliner (roof) was replaced twice due to its two layers separating. Also, knowing the Acura service department employees on a first name basis is getting old. I prefer just oil change visits like with my previous 2 Acuras.
Fast and stylish, great interior and sound system.
After 10 yrs and 145,000 mi I sold my 528 BMW for a TL. First things first IMO the BMW E39 is superior to the TL in all dynamic driving categories period. But having said that the TL is still a very fine car. Reasonably quick, stylish, comfortable, quiet (no rattles here) and good gas mileage (got almost 31 mpg on our last trip). But the TL does have issues. First is the transmission, under normal everyday driving it's flawless but try some spirited driving and it's slow to kick down and the computer gets confused hunting for the right gear. Second is the suspension, it's jittery and on less than smooth roads the front will bounce, this is not a good thing, especially in a 'sports sedan'.
11,890 miles into my TL Type-S Automatic. Interior rattles are driving me nuts!! They come out of nowhere! Interior does scratch very easily. Car squeaks. Suspension or something from underneath the car? Not sure but getting it checked out. I think it's the suspension. Seat memory settings don't always work correctly. All station presets vanished on me a few times and came back the next day? Ghosts? Other than that the car is awesome! Compliments everywhere! Real rocketship! 286 HP!! Hwy I am getting 29 MPG. Overall AVG 23 MPG. I think that's pretty good! 
10,000 miles into my silver TL Type-S with 6 speed manual, and I figure I would give you all a follow-up. First, the bad: rattles in the door and steering column. Tsk, tsk in a near 40-grand sports sedan. Interior materials scratch real easily, and dashboard is starting to lose its color really quickly (from dark gray to milky gray). Torque-steer is getting old now. The good: this thing should be called a muscle-sedan instead of a sports sedan, because that's the demeanor it has. Big, mean looking, mean sounding, and fast. Handling is second only to BMW. Interior is very comfortable, and very spacious. 
I had a 2003 Type S and loved that car's ride, so thought that in purchasing the 2007 Type S I'd be just as pleased. The new Type S has unbelieveable power and acceleration and handles like a nimble sport car. All in all a very exciting and sporty ride. The sporty suspension does make the ride a little harsh. Almost every imperfection in the road gets transmitted through the steering wheel. The comfort is great and I love the navigation system and telematics. However, the interior rattles drive me crazy. No excuse for a luxury sport sedan of Acura's caliber to have this problem.
When I was looking for a new car, I compared the G35, IS 250, Toyota Avalon, and the TL with each other. The thing I really liked best was that the things I really wanted (multi-CD changer, moonroof, leather) all come standard with the TL. I have had the car now for 3 months and I am really enjoying driving it. Although not as much horsepower as the S-Type, it is the most powerful car I have owned. I'm surprised I have not been pulled over yet. This is the first car I have owned that I have hit 100+ MPH with! I love the interior of the car with the black leather pretty much throughout. I like having the audio controls on the steering wheel. 
I had been driving a Volvo S60 and had nothing but problems with it and was debating between TL and BMW 328. My buddy went with BMW and I went with TL. I made the right choice. Although it does not handle quite as sporty as the BMW, it will go when you need it to go. The everything standard interior is where it blows away the competition (especially the BMW). Compare standard package on a TL and then add them as options to everything else in its class and money makes it an easy decision. It is roomy, the sound system is great, and all controls are very easy to use. If this is the way Acura makes all its cars, I will be loyal for a long time.
I have owned previous Acura TLs (2) and was very happy to see Honda bring back the Type-S this year. The impressive thing about this car is the level of features added from older versions. The fact that there are no options needed or available tells it all. The only thing I added was the iPod connection. The car's handling and performance is what makes it fun to drive. They didn't just add the RL engine, they did a great job tuning the suspension to really use the additional HP. This is probably the best buy out there right now when you consider all of the standard features, the fun to drive quotient, and the price you pay. Kudos to Acura.
This car is an excellent car. They handle well, drive wonderfully and are just great all around. I traded in a 2005 mustang for the Acura and it suprised me with speed, comfort, and looks. I love Acura!!
I first noticed theTL for its super sharp looks. It looks and drives like a very well equipped sports sedan rather than a rich person's silver-metallic luxury car. I read (all very favorable) reviews, and then I test drove it. I loved driving it. I liked how Acura put together such a great handling, well performing, excellently equipped car in one decently priced and sharp looking package. I like that the car does not look too showy, but that you get the real pleasure from it by actually driving it and from all of the fantastic features packed with it. I have automatic, but I drive it on sportshift. It absolutely feels like the manual shifter. 
I went with Acura because of their known reliability and my experience with Hondas. I test drove Acuras that were 3-5 years old before this, to see how they hold up, and was very impressed. I'm hoping mine will hold up and ride the way the used ones I drove did. After looking at Infiniti, Lexus, and BMW, I went with Acura for their resale value and the fact that you get more for your money. So far, no regrets! I love the way people stare at my car at lights and in parking lots!
My only complaint is interior rattles. Can't figure out where they're coming from or how to make them stop. Not that they're constant, mostly on the rougher roads, but still unnerving. Other than that, love the car. If you drive it hard your tank will be empty in no time but that is to be expected with this much power. 
Bought the TL for overall value. It has a nice ride but I wish that the shifting were a bit smoother. Love the exterior design. The car has a lot of features and the switches and controls seem to be all in the right places except for the MP3 plug which is inside the armrest console, making it awkward to control. Nice sound system and easy to use navi system. Heard about rattling problem with hondas/acuras but haven't noticed it - lucky for a nice stereo system so i'll just crank it up!! The low fuel warning is a bit annoying since it comes on with 4 gallons to go. Overall though, I'm pretty happy with the car so far!
I have been driving a 1999 Acura TL with 230,000 miles. Great car, reliable, high performance, comfortable. Went same place for a replacement (kids get old car, still running great). Wish it had darker interior, better rear visibility, more comfortable seat for shorter driver (5'3") and better gas mileage but can't fault anything else. Co-workers very envious. Love the sound system, navigation, maintenance features.
I was mocked by co-workers for having a soccer mom car. Test drove Lexus IS 250 and BMW 3 Series and while the latter two had great reviews and drove well, the TL hands down feels more like it. For being a Honda it drove like a champ. I guess I got my mojo back with this ride.
I bought Type S in Feb 2007. The car's engine is great, acceleration is superb, looks are great. However, interior material quality is one of the worst I have seen in new cars. Too much rattling. I had a rattling sound coming from behind steering wheel and even the dealer couldn't figure it out. More rattle from the middle by cup holder. If the windows are down, they rattle as if some screws are loose in the door panel. I am seriously thinking about trading it in. I have been a Acura fan for years but this TL Type S experience has left a bad taste in my mouth and probably never go back to Acura.
I test drove the BMW 335i coupe, Lexus ES 350 and this car. Loved the balance in this car and costs a lot less than the BMW. While not as solid in handling and performance as the BMW, the Acura TL-S has more creature comforts and almost as good handling for a lot less money than the BMW. The Lexus was great but not very solid at handling as the Acura TL. 
This car has all the luxury features that are in similar offerings like Lexus, MB, Cadillac, et.al., but also has performance to go with it. Yes, you can purchase a Bimmer, but would you get all the standard features of this vehicle for the same price?? No. Just returned from a 800 miles road trip, and the car returned 31 miles per gallon. Excellent for a brand new car, usually it takes time for the engine to break in and get the advertised figures on the window sticker.
For those who want amazing practicality of a midsize, outstanding lux, room like a fully equipped M35X and very great performance, look no further. For driving dynamics I am pro Infiniti. I drove the TL type S and compared to the G, the type S has less throttle sensitivity but it's more technologically sound, spacious and refined. 0-60 is about 6 sec flat, and w/fwd you can drive in the snow w/o too much fuss. It comes standard fully equipped, handling and composure is great while keeping cabin quiet. Some say the ride and torque steer is rough, but I not experienced such a thing in this vehicle. Save yourself 15'000 and get a type s, it feels like it should be worth 55K.
Loved the car until the power steering pump had to be replaced after only 3 days! Car made loud rattling noise and had to be taken for service for the problem. Very disappointed and would not buy the car again.
I love the car; if your'e looking for a quiet ride, this is not the car for you. Interior is poorly built, and there is much rattling. Outside driver's mirror bangs on something, center speaker rattles over bumps, dashboard (made of plastic) rattles over bumps, passenger's headrest makes a sound like someone is chewing gum in your ear. Also, if you test drive the car, leave the window open and keep your ears keen to the metal banging that happens underneath the car when hitting bumps at over 30mph. My car suffers from this and the 2 TL loaners that i've received so far also did this. Annoying, but I was told it's normal and not much can be done about it. Performance, design all good.
We were looking for a new car for my wife's commute and our weekends, something suitable for Wisconsin winters but attractive and sporty. No more minivans or SUVs - been doing that for years with kids. Came down to the BMW 328xi and the Acura, ultimately we decided to go with a fully loaded Acura for less money vs. a very basic BMW with no leather, power/heated seats, etc. We get lots of looks on the road - no Acura dealer for 100 miles, so it's also unique here. So far she loves it! 
I traded in my 05 TL 5AT for 07 Type-S and I absolutely love it. I test drove the IS 350 but I didn't like the riding quality, space was too small, and also it didn't have option for manual transmission. Type-S was exactly what I want it. I was going about 40 mph and upshifted to 6th gear to see if this car could handle a stiff hill without stalling, and it did! It accelerated and gained more rpms as it was reaching to the top. With $4000 more than base TL, you get all the options: NAVI, brembo breaks, 3.5L engine, sport tuned suspension, etc.
Like the looks of the car and the nav features are great. The transmission is clunky (especially downshifting into 1st gear) and I was hoping that it would "break in" more. The seat is not as comfortable as my Volvo S60 but good leg and head room. Solidly constructed - brakes and handles well. Like the safety features. Nice car but will most likely go Infiniti or Lexus next time for the added comforts. 
I owned an 04 TL, and an 05 RL. I traded that RL on a G35 coupe. Loved the G35, but really missed the Acura product. So, this past June 25th I walked into an Acura dealership and negotiated a deal on a 07 TL type S. A lot of the bells and whistles of the RL, faster and more stable than the TL. How can you go wrong. Not as fast as the G35, but so much more refined, and a pleasure to drive. 
This is Acura number 4 for me. These car are incredibly reliable and great to own. The TL comes with virtually every option that all of the competition puts into pricey packages. I put in a lot of miles every year and comfort is a priority. The TL is extremely driver/passenger friendly. The ride is smooth and the shifting is seamless. Navigation and voice activated system is very good. No more fumbling for phone or headset since everything is hands-free and controlled from steering wheel. Design is pretty conservative but not bad. Mileage is better than last TL even with more horsepower. Currently I get about 28 mpg hwy and 25 overall.
To start off, I owned a 2003 Type S as well. I drove the car to 100,000 miles with only 1 problem (a broken axle). I loved the car but sold due to the higher mileage and purchased a 2003 Audi A4 6cyl 3.0 engine. I never liked it and kept only 5 months. I test drove the G35x, IS 350, BMW 3 series, and FX35 Infiniti and chose the Type S again. This car is very fast and fun to drive. The handling is great but the ride is just OK, but I guess if you don't want that type of ride buy the regular TL (still happy). Really no complaints but I do only get about 19 MPG. I guess that's not too bad considering how impossible it is to not drive like a complete maniac. 
I previously owned an '05 TL and told the dealer I'd buy a new one when they dropped the RL's engine in it. Got a call, went down and test drove the TL-S. Loved it from the beginning. The suspension with the standard tires is much more compliant but still has enough firmess for great handling. My '05's suspension used to crash over road imperfections and was stiff. I found the TL-S to be much more refined with plenty of HP/torque with little torque steer. I looked at Infiniti's M45 and at BMW's 5 series; both are overpriced compared to the features on the TL-S. 
I have had the TL-S for a week now and I love it. I'm sure a sports car purist would find plenty to gripe about, but it's NOT a sports car, it's a sporty sedan. And as a sporty sedan the TL-S excels. The engine is excellent with lots of low end torque and a wide power band. Handling is crisp but will not rattle your teeth loose. The interior is very well laid out, quiet and comfortable. All in all, it's as near perfect as a car can get.
This is a great buy for an entry-level luxury car. It has great HP, easy steering, and looks great. I opted for the 19" Acura chrome wheels and chose the red exterior for a more feminine look. It has been called a "sexy" car by many who have seen it and I must agree. However, I think the carbon grey or the black is very handsome! You will love the sound of the exhaust and find yourself wondering if there's a V-8 in there. Also, no more second guessing your reverse-parking skills due to the fancy back up camera. 
1,500 miles and only one problem. Rear deck was vibrating from the subwoofer. They took out the back seat and sprayed some foam back there. Problem solved! I researched for seven months prior to purchasing. The Acura TL-S blows the doors off anything out there in its class: BMW, Audi, Infiniti, etc. The technology in it is amazing and not a la carte like all the other MFGs out there. Gas mileage is a bit disappointing - I am avg around 20 MPG. But blazing acceleration! 286 HP baby! Car is a real headturner! Quad exhaust really sets it apart with the deep exhaust tone. People stop me all the time to check it out. Not many on the road which is a plus! 
I test drove BMW 330i, Lexus IS 350, Lexus ES 350, and Acura TL. I eventually decided to get TL. I've had my Acura for a month now. I often have to resist the urge to just drive it for fun. For those of you who are still searching out there, buy an Acura and you will not regret it.
I got the Type-S almost as soon as it came out and didn't see another for months - it is definitely a head-turner! It can't beat the Infiniti G35x or the Lexus IS 350 in aceleration, but it handles great, drives smooth and quiet, and is absolutely loaded with features. I love this car!!!
This car is great for anything and everything. It has a very nice exterior design, but it is easily overlooked. The interior is sporty yet luxurious. And sporty is this car's middle name. The engine is fun to rev, and it has great handling. An all around good car.
I have a 2005 MDX and recently we needed a second car. After test driving three different Acura models, I chose the TL. The car was far superior to the TSX (in quality as well), and also had a more sleek and mature personality than the RDX. Since we have an MDX, I opted for a nicer, smoother and more sophisticated TL. I chose the S-series to get the manual transmission - lots of fun. The car is subtlely aggressive, yet practical too. My kids fit easily and safely, and the gas mileage is AOK (25 mpg mixed (city/hwy)). Love my Acura(s)!
Went from a 2004 BMW 330i 6M to the new TL Type-S 6M, and I love it! Also tested the G35s 6M, 335i and 328i, A4 2.0T Quattro and Lexus IS 350. I was leery about the FWD with 289 horses mated to it, but torque steer is minimal (and kind of fun), and it does not detract from performance. This car is more responsive and precise than the BMW was when it came to handing. The interior is much more spacious, comfortable, and user-friendly. Glad I made the decision on the Acura! 
First and foremost, I have to say this car turns heads like no other I've driven. It looks good and sounds even better. I've had the car for less than 2 weeks and can't stop finding reasons to go outside and drive it. The quad exhaust has this deep thundering hum when dropping from 3rd to 2nd. On the flip side of this, with the windows closed on the highway, it's like sitting in a serene park. You almost want to turn down the stereo just so you can here the pindrop silence. The back up camera is all you need to reverse and the auto flip mirrors are just an added bonus. This car has so many features that I don't even know where to start. Love the car and hands down would've bought this again
As a German I've driven BMW, Mercedes and Audis. When I was looking for a sports sedan again I felt I get a lot of value for my $ with this Acura TL-S. I had it for about 1 month now and it fits like a glove, drives smooth, put the pedal to the metal and it will push you in the drivers seat. Very roomy and excellent design. Plus Honda's long reliability seems to surpass BMW and Mercedes. Also if repairs are needed Honda / Acura is cheaper than BMW. 
I have had this vehicle for about a week now. It came w/ the technology package. The ride is rather sporty and bumpy a bit (comparing it to my wife's Lexus ES 300) but enjoyable. In the looks department, it gets 2 thumbs up and since I haven't yet broken it in, I can talk about performance just yet. Everything is voice controlled which makes a great conversation piece but voice control and command is too buggy. With the windows up, no fan running and no one else in the car, I can not get the bluetooth to record the numbers correctly. I have tried over and over and it seems as for certain numbers, time after time, throws some extra digits in. 
I test drove the new G35, and well the Acura can't quite beat the Infiniti as far as straight off the line power, however, when it comes to the complete package for the money, nothing beats the Type-S. Test drove the BMW 3 series, Mercedes C-class, Infiniti, Lexus, and Acura. I went with the Type-S simply for everything you get with the car. Fun to drive, great power, and all the extras that you would have to pay more for with another vehicle. 
This is a beautiful car, loaded with everything you'll ever need... and it's FAST, really fast. Its exhaust note sounds awesome and it is comfortable beyond compare. The 6-speed gear box is indescribably crisp and precise. For the std equipment level, you'd have to pay >$7K more on a BMW 328xi, my second choice. Make no mistake, the sport sedan purists and cognescenti scoff at anything other than a rear-drive set up. That said, the torque steer is WELL managed and barely perceptible. The reliability of Acura & Honda is well-known and the technology present will keep me busy for years to come. This is the baddest car for money!!
I work as a technical automotive writer and have written, researched, and driven many different types of vehicles. For me, the TL is the best car in its class. While the G35 and IS 350 are quicker, and the 330i's handling dynamics are superior, no other car balances performance, technology, comfort, and value better than the TL. Plus, all of these cars cost quite a bit more comparably equipped.
I was recently in the market for a new automobile, and I researched those that would provide me with the greatest value, economy, safety, and technology. I test drove the Lexus IS350, BMW 5 series, and the Mercedes-Benz C350 Sport Sedan. All of these automobiles were impressive in their own right, but the Acura TL Type S wasn't even on my radar. That is, until I spoke with a few friends, and they suggested that I check out the Acura TL. So, I did. I went to the local dealership and presented them with a laundry list of items that I wanted to see on my next automobile. As I ran down the list, they said that all of the features that I wanted to see were STANDARD on the TL. WOW!!
I recently was in the market for a new vehicle. I looked at everything from the '07 Mercedes C350 Sport Sedan, to the BMW 5 Series, and the Lexus IS 350. I drove all of the vehicles. But, it only took one drive of the TL Type-S to realize the value for the price. I wanted daytime running light, side airbags, great sound system, alarm, good crash ratings, and navigation. All of my requested items were already standard on the '07 Acura TL Type-S.
The TSX is really a very solid car. I was pleased when I purchased it and am now downright happy when I drive it. It represents a perfect blend of power and efficiency. If you don't hog-dog it around town, mid 20's is easily attainable, and on the highway I've averaged 30-33mpg. The features are useful and easy to operate, the interior fit and finish is outstanding, right down the satisfying "thud" of the doors closing. The stereo stands out among "premium" stereos because of its balance - too often premium stereos overemphasize bass to the detriment of the mid and high ranges. Here the bass is present, but gets out of the way for vocals and instruments. Not just a rebagded Accord. 
Has been a blast to own. Very fun to drive, solid car. Only issue is the backseat is a little tight. 
I love the car but I hate the gas it use! 16.5 MPG In the city is not GOOD!! And that is with prem fuel. Car does drive well. I had a suv with a v8 to do better But i do love the way the car looks and drives. But be ready to pay a lot for gas and it will drink it up.
This is a very fun car. Just the right amount of luxury for me. I sell for a living so I have to look a certain way, but it isn't ostentatious at all - I like that. Just the right amount of power in my opinion but you have to be used to the no-torque Honda way of engine building. Fantastic in snow! We've had a week of BAD snowpacked roads, and between the traction control and the ABS, there's been no need for chains or 4wd.
Great vehicle so far. Excellent MPG at 50-65 mph, I am averaging around 33-34 mpg. Runs smooth, pretty quiet ride. Excellent car for the money. Could use more room in the backseat. Acura has great service, and makes a great car!
After owning three minivans I purchased my TSX. I love it. It obviously does not have the room of a minivan but I seldom needed that much room anyway. I am getting 37 MPG on the highway. I've had the car for over a year now and still say "I love my car" when I get in it. My husband wanted a six cylinder of some sort but with the price of gas skyrocketing, he's pretty happy I didn't budge on my pick. I wish I could afford to put the other three drivers in my family in one. The two teenagers would love it and my husband would appreciate the mileage.
After nearly a year, I'm still very happy with my TSX. It was the best blend of features I wanted at a great price (i.e., handling, fun to drive, good fuel economy, safety features). It moves well and emergency handling has been great. It's also a good size for city driving and has all the oomph I need. I'm appreciating it more and more all the time.
When I first bought the Acura, I loved it, except for a minor vibration in the steering wheel. I brought it in a while later and the dealership fixed something else. They messed with the brakes. The wheel vibration is now worse and I have vibration in the brakes now as a result. I have been told that this is a problem with the TSX's and can't be fixed. I guess I'm stuck with it. The car does drive very nicely on the highway, though.
Nice interior feel and appointments. Bluetooth is great and side cornering signals on side view mirrors a great idea. Nice entry model. Always wanted the TL and was happy to be able to get into an Acura at this price point. Gas mileage is horrific for a 4 cylindar & the high octane requirement is just obsured. Had a heavier Honda Accord 6 cyl. before this and it got 8 miles more to a gal. of 87 octane gas.
The car itself is pretty good; however, I have had a problem with a vibration in the steering wheel since I bought the car; a problem I never had w/the toyota. So, if you don't mind taking your hands off the wheel sometimes while at a light, then it's a nice car.
Plenty fast enough for daily driving, gives me an average of 33 mpg at 75 mph cruise control on long drives. It's not necessarily "sporty" compared to actual sports cars. It has stone hard economy tires and a soft luxury suspension. So take it for what it's worth or upgrade your tires and suspension. Looks are subjective but I still think it looks nicer than most cars even after the 4 years it's been in production.
It has the right amount of luxury and sportiness. I don't know what it lacks - it's even fuel efficient. It comes with a 205HP engine which provides enough power for anything one needs to do legally on the road.
I decided on the TSX after looking at the BMW 3 series, the Lexus IS 250, and the Infiniti G35 Sedan. Compared to the other three models, the TSX offered all the creature comforts I wanted for 6K less than the G35 and Lexus and 10K less than the 328i. Really easy choice to make, even after driving the other three cars twice each. While the TSX doesn't have the speed and pick-up of the BMW or the Infinity, the engine is more than adequate for my style of driving (mostly city with some road trips now and then). My MPGs are around 20 for the city driving and 32 for highway.
I bought this car about two months ago. I am in love with it. I had a TL before, but love this new car. The handling is peppy, yet not too much like other competitors such as a g35. The interior is easy on the eyes and all of the controls are extremely easy to use. The back seat is small, yet the seats fold down to make a more-than-large trunk for this car size. Handling is stiff, but not quite a BMW. The exterior is due for a redesign, but this car's current body style is what makes it so classy. (Not saying a few upgrades wouldn't help!)
Just got my 2007 Acura TSX w/out nav last weekend. What a great car. It rides similar to my wife's 2006 Honda Accord but holds tighter through the turns and is more fun to drive. There is a little less room in the back than the Accord, but the front and the trunk space seems very comparable. The design is becoming a little dated and the redesign should be coming out some time in late 2008. If you love Hondas but want a little more luxury, then Acura is the way to go. Plus you can get a steal of a deal on the TSX right now.
This is the 2nd new acura I've owned. I had my previous acura for 9 years. I've had this 06 TSX for 13 months and it is a disappointent compared with my first. Performance, looks, and features are good. The issues are with the multitude of rattles and squeaks that developed within 6 months in the interior and the ineffectual wiper system on the driver side which the dealer can't seem to address (fluid dribbles onto the windshield and wipers - new and old - only smudge and smear, they do not clear very well at all). These quality issues are surprising. The visual and auditory annoyances distract greatly from the driving experience.
Outstanding overall value. You cannot beat what comes standard on the TSX for the price. Leather, bluetooth, 360 watt stereo (XM, 6 CD changer), heated seats with memory, sunroof. On top of all this, the TSX is extremely fun to drive and very agile. This car wants to be pushed to the limit and it eagerly responds. Note this is a sport sedan not a luxury car that floats on the road like grandpa's Lincoln. MPG is OK, average around 24 in mix driving and around 30 on the highway. I guess I was expecting a slightly better MPG given the TSX comes with a 2.4 liter 4 cylinder engine, however the TSX is engineered to maximize full use of this engine.
Will consume just about the same amount of gas for a 4cyl as a 6cyl TL, the TSX lacks power. No XM radio available even in the navi package.
I've had this car for six months and I enjoy driving it every time I get in it. I have the 6-speed manual and it is an excellent gearbox. The shifts are silky smooth and accurate. The car is also an excellent value for the price. Standard luxury features include hands-free Bluetooth, satellite radio, heated seats, xenon headlamps, trip computer, etc., and I'm getting a solid average 28 mpg in mixed driving. On a 500 mile trip, I got over 35 mpg. It may not be very sexy to look at, but I'd buy another one in a heartbeat.
Quick, not fast car. Comfortable ride. Nice interior. Many features such as Bluetooth, memory seats, XM radio.
I have to say I am very satisified with this vehicle, I have had it for a month now and have about 2300 miles on it. I am getting a robust 34-35 MPG on highway miles, and 26-28 around town. The car is 100% made in Japan, which means it will last, 5 star safety, awesome stereo, I could go on and on!
I bought an arctic blue 07 TSX last weekend. This car was not on my radar at all. I was sold on either 328i or IS 350. But when I looked at all the features that are standard plus honda i-vtec engine, couldn't pass this up and I am glad. The seats are firm and supportive. The engine is sweet after 3000 rpm. Not bad to drive in automatic (I am a manual tranny lifer). The gadgets are great. Although the stereo system sounds little bit artificial, it's not bad. My wife loves it, even though I am driving it to break it in. I guess that break-in is going to be at least a year.
I just bought a brand new 2007 TSX, automatic tranny w/no navigation (so I could save the $1,000). It is much peppier than my previous car, a 2002 Mazda Millenia. The interior is well thought out and the engine purrs along nicely. I really don't get much chance to drive it the way I would like since I am normally stuck in traffic, but I can tell it wants to go. On the highway it is a dream, sportier than my previous car and very smooth. 
I love this car so much, its my third post. I'm 15000 perfect miles in. Not a hint of any kind of problem. All the tech stuff is perfect, the engine, the tranny, the leather, the fit and finish, the paint, it's all perfect! If you forced me to complain about something, I would have to say, it's a touch noisy on some surfaces, and the stereo is mediocre. But that's being very picky, it's a fantastic car, loaded with luxury, power, handling, looks, exclusivity, and very reasonable on gas considering the power. I couldn't love it or respect it more. Right on Acura!
I have had this car for a week, but have been lusting ever since it debuted in 2004. My wife bought it for me as a birthday present, and I have been ecstatically behind the wheel every day. The car handles the twisties with minimal body roll, and the engine is eager to rev. The steering is precise, and Honda does the best shifters in the business. The interior has the quality of cars costing 10K more.
This is an excellent car. I bought a store demo to save a few bucks. It's the right size with a sporty/luxury ride, very well equipped, moves well and gas mileage that won't make you mad buying premium. The nav system is great but I didn't need it and wasn't paying another 2k for the novelty. 
I had a 2001 Altima, which wasn't a bad car. Even though the TSX is a bit smaller, inside it has more room, plus it's much nicer, too. I was contemplating getting a V6 Nissan or Honda, but gas prices started to rise, I settled on the TSX. I have a short commute, and otherwise drive almost exclusively around Jacksonville, FL. My mileage is a consistent 22 mpg, meaning mixed highway/suburban driving. I might get better if I laid off of the gas pedal, but it's fun to push it. Being an auto, you have to get it in the right gear, but it has the power to pull ahead when I need to. I haven't had many chances to try the handling, but when I have it's really held the road. It's a great car!
I wanted a sporty vehicle that was much quieter than my 2005 Celica but just as fun to drive; the TSX delivers that, along with the leather package, 6-speed ultrasmooth gearbox, sunroof, bluetooth, premium sound package, and good mileage to boot. Only downsides - premium fuel, just like any performance engine, and the 2.4L inline 4 loses a bit of its punch with the AC running, but compensates at higher RPM. My '07 TSX is not quite broken in yet at 8650 miles - I view the 10K mark as the adequate set-in to allow me to really punch it (right after oil change #2). I'm looking forward to that day!!!
As a longtime Toyota owner (20+ years) I was ready for another Camry or an upgrade to the Avalon. However, after reading mediocre reviews on the new Camry and with the Avalon looking dated and overpriced, I looked at the Acura. The car is loaded with so many more standard features that are options with Toyota. Only had the car for two weeks, but a terrific ride and great value, a luxury car with a modest price. Worth a serious look and test drive. 
I have had the car for just over two weeks and am completely satisfied with my choice. I test drove four competitor vehicles and found the TSX to be the most fun to drive and best value of the bunch. I commute about 100 miles a day mostly highway miles and find the gas mileage acceptable, >30 mpg. Seems 66 mph is the sweet spot for best mpg on the highway. I appreciated most of the extras being standard which makes finding the right vehicle simply a question of which transmission, which color, and with or without navigation. I highly recommend the navigation. 
Spent 3 months shopping around for a new car. Looked at a long list of cars (TSX, TL, G35, IS 250, Camry, Altima, Mazda3 5-door). In the beginning, I was looking at the TSX and came full circle with it. The car is great, definitely a good and reasonable investment. I was willing to give up the performance for fuel economy. Even with the inline 4, the car moves; it's not like a TL-S or G35, but it's enough for everyday driving. The car looks a lot better in person than in pictures. I love the car more and more everyday!
TSX has everything you want/need included: XM, Bluetooth, leather, trip computer, peppy engine, smooth trans, exceptionally comfortable driver seat, great handling, fun to drive.
This car is a legend. Don't waste your time investigating other sedans. It has got everything you need in a mid size sedan. I have been driving this for the last 6 months. Apart from low mileage (I am getting 21m/g) I have no complaints. Moreover the navigation system is best in class. Perfect buy!!
All the features I wanted stepping into an entry Luxury Sedan and more that I never thought about. I thought, based on the price of the car, why not go for the additional nav. system and complete the package.
Everything is standard on this car except nav (leather, sunroof, VSA, trip computer, 10 way driver seat, 4 year 50,000 mile warranty). Lacks a little in power, especially torque, but is strong once you get above 2750 rpm. Driver seat comfort and adjustments are excellent. Rear seat a little cramped for two full sized adults. Build quality is better than TL as are front seats.
I really do love the car, and do not regret the purchase whatsoever. The car is great fun to drive, accelerates smoothly, but you'll pay for the fun at the gas pump.
I just went from a 2004 Honda Accord EX-L to a Acura TSX with navigation system and I must say that I am happy with my decision so far. I love the Acura navigation system, really easy to use. I did love the Honda Accord though. The car is absolutely fun to drive, I cannot wait for a new, refreshed version of the TSX, hopefully with more room and better gas mileage, also with more power. Excellent car choice nonetheless.
I traded my 06 TL for the more attractive looking TSX and am happy I did. The TSX has everything I liked about the TL, and more importantly, it doesn't have the things I didn't like about the TL. It is quicker off the mark, handles better, better mileage (not by much though), and it was made in Japan. I really hated the mapholders on the TL, but they are gone (sort of) in the TSX. Also the rear end of the TSX is much more attractive.The TL was of course quieter, but I am always playing something in the audio system, which actually sounds better in the TSX than the TL. All in all I am happier with the TSX than the TL. Be sure to test drive both.
This car would be perfect if had at least a little more low end power (1st and 2nd gear) and also had a more precise feeling shifter/clutch - more like the 97 Integra.
My girlfriend and I have never been so pleased with a car. We traded in our Audi A4 for the TSX and fell in love with the comfort and technology. We use bluetooth all the time and the nav system blows everything else out of the water. Acura's navigation system is honestly the absolute best on the market. I can't wait to see what they come out with next. 
This car has a lot of items equipped as standard especially Bluetooth Handsfree, XM radio & Xenon headlights. Even though TSX is FWD, you can enjoy the adequate power from 2.4L I4 engine above 3k rpm. Fit and finish is exceptional. 
Awesome ratings. Take it for a test drive and yup, it's sold. This unique car supports that Acura has high standards. This car is superb to none other! The VSA (stability) is awesome. The Navi system is a must for the price. Don't just look, DRIVE it. I enjoy that my husband talked me into this vehicle. I don't want to get out of it when I pull up to my house. I have never been so happy with a material item but I am smiling even when I am sleeping. :) When the voice command talks, she seems to be smarter than I am. So now I have some competition. I think I might have to name her. Also,If I get mad at her, I can change her to a man voice and name him Enrique or Juan.
This vehicle is so much fun to drive. It is solidly built, has plenty of pep, handles like a dream. I understand the exterior will be changed in 2008, but I find the 2007 to have a classic, clean design. The interior hugs you, the drivers seat is very comfortable, no back-aches here. It's an Acura, so everything is ergonomically and stylishly designed. I just attended the 2007 Auto Show, and couldn't find a vehicle I liked better, even in the higher price ranges. I recommmend this car whole-heartedly.
Did a lot of research and test drove many different models. When I drove this car I knew I had finally found what I had been looking for. Everything is standard. No need to purchase options. Fun to drive. Handles great. 
The last Acura I owned was a 91 Legend coupe, it was a great car. This car is as much fun drive as my old Legend. The car corners like a dream and feels like a 6 cyl. The car accelerates as smooth as silk. I drive a Prius to work because I can get into the HOV, I can't wait for the weekends to drive the TSX. Bang for the buck you can't beat this car. My gas mileage with about 300 miles on the car is a combined 26 mpg.
For the price, this car is too much fun to drive. It's got great handling, ample power when needed, good fuel economy, looks sharp but not gaudy, and is very comfortable. These were my main criteria and this car is the best balance of these at this price range. I also looked at the Mazda6 which I considered the closest comparison based on my criteria. In the end an easy choice. I suspect the main knock is that you are paying a few $K more for a glorified Accord. There is some legitimacy in that argument but once you get inside that will melt away. I love this car. Do yourself a favor - the 6 speed manual box is really sweet and is an absolute must!
Has all the features you want: memory seats, leather, blue tooth, sat. radio, peppy motor and trans, comfortable seats, sunroof, all standard.
Excellent car. It comes fully loaded for a not so loaded price. Fit and finish can not be beat.
This car is fantastic! Fun to drive, very comfortable, and gets up to speed fast! I drive 25 miles on the interstate every day and this car makes the drive enjoyable. Headlights are great, gas mileage is wonderful, and I am a very satisfied driver!!
Sold my 2k Celica and got an 07 TSX. Perfect transition. It's a bit larger with 4 doors, and has much more power. I actually use every feature it's got and it's awesome. I never need to take my phone out of my pocket or reach over for any controls. Everything can be controlled by either voice, steering wheel, or headunit. At first I thought the gearing was weird, but in the city it's perfect because you can do most of your driving in 3rd or 4th to reduce shifting. You don't need the iPod connector because it has an AUX jack standard. Seats heat up extremely fast. 
After a lot of research, we bought a 2007 TSX (Auto w/NAVI, Glacier Blue) for its standard options, price, reliability. Wonderful car: zippy ride; comfy seats; nice leather. Voice activated nav is awesome. Paired my Bluetooth phone in one min! My wife loves to drive it. My son connected his iPod in 2 sec. After driving this car (really my wife?s car), I am jealous! My 2004 S430 has no Bluetooth or iPod connectivity; my nav is not voice activated!
This car is much more fun to drive than TL and IS. Very nimble. It takes corners like a sports car. I am very itchy to 0-60 mph but the delivery guy told me I have to take it easy for first 600 miles. Driver seat is very comfortable. Very bright Xenon lights. First 3 months XM radio service for free. Very simple dash board design layout. I am very happy with my purchase. Thanks Acura!
I bought TSX a month ago to replace 02 Accord. From the number, the engine size increased from 2.3L to 2.4L, power and fun are a huge step up. The TSX displays a marvelous balance between smooth power delivery, sure footed handling, responsive steering, and luxury comfort. The TSX is great fun to drive. After I managed the SportShift mode, it's even more fun than before. Besides fun, it comes loaded with just about every feature standard. I like Xenon lights, bluetooth handsfree link, memory power leather seats, XM radio, sound system, and all interior design. Highly recommend this vehicle.
This car is absolutely amazing in every respect. The honda vtech engine isn't the quickest engine out there but over all performance, MPG, and reliability are unbeatable. I still can't believe this is only a 4-banger. The 07 comes packed with new stuff from previous models including bluetooth phone, MP3 jack, and a nice information system. Handling is best in class. Great job Honda/Acura. Drove MB C230, BMW, Infiniti, and Lexus IS 350, by far the best value and best style.
Best value for the price. Loaded with standard features that are optional on other cars in the same class. This car has an "understated elegance". I would highly recommend the TSX to anyone in the market for a new vehicle who wants subtle sportiness with luxury.
The Acura TSX was, for lack of a better word, perfect in all respects. The price was very reasonable and the amount of standard features were amazing to say the least. I could not have bought a better car for a better price, simply put. The handling is a dream come true and in Bakersfield heated seats in the winter are a must. The duel climate control tailors itself to any temperature I desire. The powerful yet efficient 205 horse power engine provides the perfect balance of torque and fuel mileage. I would suggest the 07 Acura TSX to any one looking for a luxury car that outperforms bmw and mercedes with the price tag not much more than a honda accord.
We got the A3 because it was fun to drive and was a luxury wagon. Last week my husband was stopped in traffic on the highway and was rear ended by a Dodge Caravan going 50-60 MPH. The A3 is a total loss with over 19,000 in visual damage alone. The safety features in this car can't be beat, while my husband has some injuries he was able to walk away from a serious multi-vehicle accident.
I bought this A3 with 7000 miles and it displayed very little wear. After driving it for a month in icy and snowy conditions I am very impressed. The stock all season tires get the job done but the fronts are worn a good bit. There are no rattles and the s-tronic transmission works very well. Handling is excellent and the mileage is decent considering the power and weight, about 20mpg in mixed winter driving. The A3 tends to be very touchy when accelerating from a stop, it's jerky and hard to achieve a smooth getaway. The brakes are excellent. Overall, I'm very pleased with the interior quality and look of the A3. I drove the 2.0 turbo and I feel the V6 is considerably better.
Have an A4, love it, decided to get an A3. Worse mileage than our truck, turns 3000 RPMs at highway speed, can't even make 10MPH in 1st gear. TERRIBLE design point. We've contacted Audi, they blame everyone else (dealer, etc) - but it is the worst design I have seen in 30 years of buying cars. Lighter than the A4, same power (V6), smaller, and about 10MPG worse than the A4 - blows my mind. We won't touch Audi again - due to Audi USA refusing to discuss, acknowledge, suggest fixes (ie, different gear ratio in the differentials). By the way, I'm an engineer, have extensive auto experience...
I purchased the premium package with the white exterior and dark grey interior. This is a good looking car, BUT I have had so many problems with it. Exteriorly, the trim on the sky system keeps on popping off. I had to bring my vehicle in 4 times to get this fixed. The Pirelli tires that come stock are terrible! I had to replace the fronts under 20000 and the rear 25000. Now I am having engine problems with the transmission. Recommendation: don't purchase this vehicle! Also very noisy while driving past 60 mph especially if you get the roof racks, which are also junk. Mine broke the first week I got them. 
The car seems pricey for an A3 sized chassis, but the car seats everyone comfortably. The hatchback also can fit a lot. I bought a big grill at Home Depot and the sales associate looked at me like I was crazy for thinking the grill in its box would fit in my car. It did. Hatchback closed. The car accelerates and handles great. I do seem to go through tires a bit, and I've been told that by mechanics that the A3 does seem to chew up the front three tires faster than normal.
It has been very reliable. There are none of the squeaks or rattles identified in other reviews. It brakes confidently. Steering is wonderful and acceleration makes it plenty quick without being stupid fast. What the reviews don't tell you is that this is the ultimate city car. Compact, practical, quick and stylish. Yet it will pour itself done a twisty back road with verve. It's only weakness is touring on US freeways. For that you need something heavier with a longer wheel base. But since 90% of my driving is in the city, I couldn't be happier with my choice. Beware of the clutch take up on the DSG transmission. It is set agressively. 
This is a great, versatile car. It offers a fun to drive, economical vehicle that can also hull a large amount of equipment, especially with the rear seats folded down. I don't think any other car on the market has all of this. I purchased the S-line with just about every option available. I can't imagine living without rain sensing wipers now. Which leads to my dilemma. I will have to replace this car before the warranty runs out. I have had three major issues with the vehicle with a total down time of well over a month, and this within the first year of ownership. I hate to say it, but I cannot recommend this car based on its poor reliability.
I love this car. I have approximately 6000 miles on it. I like the feel of the car - very nicely done - and the pick up, but the engine noise is a bit loud. The manual says to shift earlier - right. I am a bit disappointed about having to choose between the Ipod plug or Sirius. For this kind of money you would think they could figure out how to include both options together. I really love the sun roof and moon roof. The drive is smooth and the seats are comfortable. I drove everything from the Fit to the A3 and by far this was the best car if you are looking for a hatchback. The only problem I have had was a bad sensor in the fuel tank set off the engine light, but it was fixed.
I bought my A3 because I wanted a vehicle with smaller dimensions than my '98 Passat, but I wanted many of the qualities I enjoyed in the VW that I didn't find in Japanese or American vehicles. The dimensions for parking in crowded Seattle is a blessing. The acceleration performance is wonderful, and handling is very good but not great. The practicality is what I wanted. I finally was convinced that it made sense to now own an auto trans mainly because of the excellent 6-spd. twin clutch auto. I realize I could have purchased a VW Rabbit/Golf GTI with many of the same qualities and features for far less, but I wanted the more premium features of the Audi, and I prefer its exterior design.
The A3 is delightfully deceptive, looking small on the outside but airy and roomy inside and appearing underpowered by a 2 liter engine but providing more get up and go than many larger engines. In addition, it's beautifully assembled and it handles like a true sport. Fuel efficiency is good, averaging 29 mpg. The iPod interface works well, the sound system is super, the steering responsive and sure, and the wipers clear without clatter or skipping. 
I have had my A3 for over a month and absolutley love it. The only option I wanted and got is the Open Sky System, which has worked pretty much flawlessly. I've been averaging between 29 and 30 miles per gallon (highest slightly over 32, lowest slightly over 26). Runs fine on 89 octane and hasn't required the addition of any oil. Cargo room seems endless (I can fit two large laundry baskets behind the rear seats without having to fold them down). I have noticed an occasional light rattle in the driver's side A-pillar, and, when approaching speeds of 80 mph, a humming noise from the passenger side of the front sunroof. Also, parking brake is obstructed when front armrest is down. 
Finally got rid of my SUV for this joy. Drove it on 1200-mile (both ways) trips and seats were comfortable enough not to have to stop every 2 hours, fuel economy was impressive, and you feel like you are glued to the road at highway speeds. Trunk space leaves a little to be desired since you can't even fit golf clubs back there without folding the seats down. Great car though. Wish you could get the options offered on the web at the dealerships without having to buy the entire packages.
Coming off a zippy Mazda RX-8 sportscar, I really was dreading switching to the A3. I thought that a "wagon" really could not be that fun to drive, or perform well. I was wrong. The 2.0T with the DSG transmission and the S-line package is a blast to drive. The steering is a bit light for my tastes (the RX-8's was perfect, so maybe I am just spoiled), but handling, acceleration, power and shifting are all top notch. The Open Sky package was not one I wanted, but I now find it a great way to make the driving experience more enjoyable. The only gripes I have are the control system is a bit too complex and maybe the seats could be a hair more comfortable. Fuel economy is great though.
Car has open sky, premium, illumination and cold weather package. A blast to drive. Great engine/transmission. Great acceleration. Ride is solid and tight. Steering feels great. Interior design is excellent. Sound system is great. Like a video game on the highway; quick downshift (not that you have to) and 80 becomes 100 in a blink. 
I upgraded from a very unreliable, but fun to drive, manual, VW Jetta 1.8T. I was nervous about staying in the VW brand but the second I drove the A3, I knew I had to buy it. I thought I'd miss the manual tranny by getting the DSG, but it's more manual transmission than automatic and I don't miss the stick at all. The interior quality is outstanding, the seats are not as comfortable as the A4, but still fine for daily driving. The Open Sky system is a splurge, probably not worth the 1100 MSRP sticker price, but I couldn't imaging the car without it. Golf Clubs don't fit in the back without the seats being folded down, but there is a ton of rear passenger leg room. 
It's light, powerful, precise, well-balanced and stops well. Great mileage in Drive mode, wildly fun on mountain roads in Sport mode. Bluetooth and see-around-corners lights and seat heater work well. Very comfortable for driver. Premium comes with good electric seat - for the driver only. Passenger seat manually adjust with big wheel to tilt seat, like our 87 VW Cabriolet - this is a horrible method. Air conditioner works fine on first trip. If restarted when warm, air wants to freeze you, so it ceases to be automatic. Bose stereo is great, but CD changer is very hard to reach and ther is no iPod input! And no workaround except FM transmitter, which is not good in saturated FM market.
Purchased my A3 2.0T after much research and driving the competition. I kept coming back to the A3, and so glad I did. This little vixen grows on you. The DSG, coupled with a very flat torque curve, makes acceleration so effortless that I find myself glued to the rear view mirror. I don't think "Audi made me do it" would stand up in court. Fit and finish is incredible. The sound system is very good (I wanted premium but settled for stock, and no complaints). I've been doing the conventional break-in (vary your speed) and still averaging 27 mpg. Overall I'd have to say this is the finest car I've ever owned. If I win the lottery, I'm going for an A8, but still keeping my A3!
I wanted a 4-door hatchback for flexibility but didn't want to compromise on performance or drive a huge wagon around. There are a lot of sedans in this price range, but the hatch and folding seats give much more utility. I settled firmly on the 2.0T after reviews and test drives, even though it lacked AWD. I drove the 3.2 solely to prevent buyer's remorse and curiosity afterwards, and that was the one I had to get. Outside the trip I took to break it in, I've put more than 2K miles on it in 3 months and that is with restraint (daily commute is <10 miles RT). It is much more fun to drive than my last car (01 Grand Prix GTP) and sometimes I drive past home and just keep going.
I bought my Audi about 9 month ago. It is an ok car overall but very poor quality. So far, I've replaced radiator, check engine light went on twice, and constantly have to add more oil to the car because "Low Oil" light goes on. These are just major problems. It is still fun to drive (when it is not in the shop) but it doesn't perform as new anymore. Another thing to mention is fuel economy. I though it would be an economical car. The gas mileage is great on the highway ( about 29 mpg) and is horrible in the city and stop and go traffic, where I get about 15 mpg!! Considering that you have to buy premium gas, there's no savings. Also, the car is very loud and noisy.
I drove the 3.2 All-Wheel drive but preferred the 2.0T. The 2.0T was more responsive and felt torquier down low. Impressive after coming from a VR6 GTI. I wasn't sure I could give up the MT for the DSG but after driving the car for a couple of days there was no going back to a MT for me. I drove this car back to back with a Mazdaspeed3 and with the DSG I could drive the A3 faster than the Mazda on the same course. The A3 is just too easy to drive fast with DSG. There is some road noise as others have commented on which I atribute to the tires and stiff sport suspension. The ride is very good given the handling abilities of the car. The fit and finish is first in its class.
Have only had this car for a week, but I have already put it through its paces. I'm impressed! It handles like it is bolted to the road. I have taken twisties at insane speeds and this car hasn't broken a sweat. Combine this competence with a basic but flawless interior, a great stereo, very good gas mileage and totally solid build quality and I just can't see what Audi could've improved. They completely naile this one! If I ever get tired of driving this car, you best believe I will be seriously considering another Audi!
Okay, so I just bought my new A3 3.2 AWD Quattro today after driving the Volvo S40 T5 and the Acura TL-S. The Volvo was nice, but not in the same class, and the Acura was a great car, but a bit bigger than I wanted. The Audi is an awesome car. So much fun. Some folks say that the power gain in the 3.2 isn't worth the increased price. My feeling (having driven both) is that the 3.2 provides a much more steady power (no lag) and is better suited to the AWD. I felt the same way when I chose my VW GTI VR6 over the 1.8T a few years back. Steady power from the very low RPMs. Beyond that, the build quality is great, the nav system is awesome, and I'm smiling!
I traded an 04 R32 for the A3 and haven't been disappointed yet. It has good performance and is fun to drive fast or slow. DSG is just great. 
I love this car, we dumped our Touareg off and never looked back. That thing was cursed! Our A3 is a great addition to our garage, utility, and fun at the same time. If you are over 6'3" I would go bigger but at 5'11" I fit just fine. Totally recommend this car.
This fall will be two years in my A3 and this car is the best small car I have ever owned. Great all season driver!!
Since I bought my brand new car I never got more than 16 MPG, the gas cover got locked, the back of the front seat fell, it ran out of of oil more than 5 times, the 5th door froze and was impossible to open, the tires wore out - $1,000 to replace them! - the stick shift locks in the worst moments, it is so noisy inside you can not hear the radio, open the window when raining, all the water goes inside because of bad design, every time you want to open the front window, you open the rear one because of bad design. NOT WHAT YOU THINK YOU ARE BUYING - THIS IS EXPENSIVE JUNK!! 
Black on black, manual, open sky premium pkg, cold-weather pkg, purchased in December '06 after much research. The fit and finish tipped the scales. This car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic. Engine has great power, and the car handles like a dream. The traction control was put to the test during a recent ice storm and came through with flying colors. I wouldn't hesitate to buy another. 
My daily commute is 152 miles a day. Its a little noisy on some roadways. Overall it's a blast to drive. I was recently driving through 40 mph winds at 75 mph and the car stayed glued to the road. Front wheel drive handles well in the snow.
After 6 months and various trips and weather conditions the DSG A3 keeps going strong. With regular DSG manual shift mode or "S" auto mode we see 24-26 MPG regularly. Unsolicited guests comment on the smooth shifts and strong acceleration. 80 MPH comes too easily on crowded highway jaunts with minimal road noise - keep an eye on the speedometer in Ohio. Snow saw the traction control readily as the wide Pirellis floated and spun. May need winter snows if really interested. Quattro would be nice with the 2.0T. Saw the "check engine light" after a severe temp swing but several key starts apparently reset it before the dealer got a shot. Near 7000 miles and no warranty returns. Fun and sporty.
As the owner of an '05 S4 Cabrio, I am a bit spoiled. When it came time to buy a winter and commuting car, I decided to test drive the A3 2.0T with DSG. Honestly, I am not sure which car is more fun to drive! The DSG is such a seamless AT that the car just wants to go, and has almost undetectable shift lag. Put that together with the supreb handling, unparalleled Audi cabin, and high fit and finish overall, and you have one sweet little ride. The hatch and knock-down back seats make it a pretty versatile car as well. My 14 year old keeps telling me about all the chips and performance equipment we could throw at it, but why bother? It runs circles around most cars on the road as it is.
Torque steer is nearly absent, dive/squat is absent. Nice power, but could probably use another 30hp. Good pulling power down low for a turbo. Turbo lag is absent. DSG needs to be revised so that it holds the gear at redline in manual mode. Brakes are intially soft which dosen't inspire much confidence. However, the car is extremely well balanced for a front wheel drive car and is very, very fun to drive. Rear cup holders are useless and frail. Otherwise the interior is very thoughtfully organized. Needs MP3 aux. input in base stereo. 
When I first saw this car I wasn?t in the market for a new car. I was driving a GTI 2002 and was pretty happy with it until I saw the A3 and fell in love with the looks. Then I drove it, wow!!! No other car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot. The transmission is outstanding. You just point it in the direction you want it to go and it goes with precision handling, dry or wet surface. And sport mode brings the car to another level. I am a big fan of a good 6 speed manual transmission, until I drove this car in sports mode. Everything a manual transmission does without the human error. Perfection. I can?t wait for an S3 or an SR3, hoping it will come out.
Like others, I got rid of my SUV but still wanted a "hauler". I have loved the A3 since I first saw it and the test drive was great. The car is amazing. Look out! In first the tires squeal. The power (and efficiency) of the 4 cyl is amazing. The DSG is a great fun. Once driving, a guy in a Mercedes followed me to a stop light to tell me what a "cool" car it is. The nav system, while a bit complicated, is great. How did I live without it before? Great car. I'd recommend it to anyone. Kill your SUV and get this. You'll be glad you did. Don't let anyone call it a "wagon". 
Test drove Honda, Subaru Outback, Mazda CX 7. Drove the A3 and knew this was the car for us (well, it's actually my wife's car). We live in an area where straight roads are rare and curves are the majority. The 6 speed manual is the smoothest and easiest I have ever driven. Living in the mountains, I vowed never to own a 4 cylinder car. But the 2.0 Turbo climbs up long grades in 6th gear with no problem. Steeper grades I have to shift between 3rd, 4th and 5th gears and that just means I am in for whole lot of fun. My wife calls this my mid-life crisis car but she looks pretty hot driving it herself. 
Bought the car with DSG, premium and open sky. Red exterior, black interior. The car looks hot, people stare at it all the time. Great performance, great pickup. The mileage has been great so far, going to tahoe from the bay I avg 29.3, coming down I did 28.5 (i was going a little faster). I'm 6'3" and fit well, don't have a whole lot of head room, but it's not an issue. Wish the trunk was a little bigger so my dog could fit a little better (great dane mix), but folding the seats will take car of that. Too bad it doesn't come with quattro in the 2.0T. I would highly recommend this car, it just puts a huge smile on my face everytime I take a turn or press the accelerator. 
Tired of the stiff ride in my Crossfire, I needed a bit more room and ease of entry. Enter the A3. Just as fast with a turbo 4 banger as the XFire, and a "softer" sporty ride. Quicker than my wife's 2001 TT, the A3 can pass life's slowpokes with ease, yet makes for a nice "everyday" ride. I can get all the nine luggage pieces of my drum set in easily with the rear seats folded down...and still have room for a friend. Great car for city, highway or the twisties when you can. A month of driving the A3 and it's still love!
A great car that combines function with fun. I've had my A3 for about a month and couldn't be more happy. The 200 HP engine and DSG live up too the hype, and man, does it fly. The interior is spacious, comfortable, with a clean design. We searched most entry-level luxury sedans but the A3 was the clear winner - nothing even compared to the driving performance of the A3. You wouldn't know if from the inside, but the car has a ver small footprint, ideal for city driving and parking.
Third Audi, coming on the heels of a 2001 TT and an '03 A4. This is the Goldilocks car: not too small, not too big, just right. Our commute got shorter this year, so this is basically a city car. Shopped the 330i, the IS 350, the new A4, and the G35. Loved the A3's functionality and nimble, cut-and-thrust attitude.
This is my forth Audi, through All Roads and A-4 Avants. $ for $ and pound for pound the best car Audi makes excepting for the discontinued All Road and the A-4 Cabrolet converible which is some $ 12K more expensive to equip. I can do 35-37 mpg with a wax job and no head winds, so I can barely eek out 550 miles to a 13 gallon fill before hitting reserve, but if you want to hold 80 mph on 65 mph interstates and zip past some others in the passing lane, the economy will still hold 28 to 30 mpg. While it does not have some of the useless "bells and whistles" of the A-4 cousin, it's all all around functional car with plenty of storage. Suggest you buy Continental Extreme Contacts, a great all season/snow tire with smoother ride.
What a blast to drive! Short story ? I needed to trade in the 330CIC and get something a little more practical as I was losing my winter driver (16 yr old got her permit) and my wife wouldn?t dare part with her MDX. After a lengthy search I decided to go back to Audi (have owned 3 in the past) to drive the A4. I noticed the A3 and it was love at first stomp on the gas peddle! The DSG is unreal (paddles are fun), pick-up (turbo lag? NOT) is explosive and car is extremely comfortable. Gas mileage is great (30.5 on a recent road trip) & the creature comforts are nice (open sky, cold wthr, premium pkgs.
Owning an Audi has its highs and lows just as any other make out on the road. I have had some fun with my 2007 A4, it is very comfortable for all types of driving. Unfortunately, the FSI motors that Audi drops in these cars are garbage. Power is fine, handeling is impeccable, solid running motor, but HUGE OIL ISSUES. In most of the A4's FSI motor, the rings around the pistons are bad causing oil to burn rapidly right out of your exhaust. Just look at your tailpipes and you will see what I'm talking about. If you look at all the other Audi vehicles, only the A4 has this problem. If you are changing your oil every 1500-2000 miles contact Audi USA for your Engine Replacement.
I just got the car about 5 months ago. It's been great and everything, it drives great. The engine is kind of noisy... The muffler tips get black quickly no clue why.. Mine is automatic. It's fun to drive comfortable and everything. When coming to a stop and it's about to downshift from 3rd to 2nd the car shakes. Also turbo lag at start. Wish it had just a little bit more power. But it's enough. 
Just bought a 2007 A4 Quattro 2.0 used with 18K miles in excellent condition. The car performs like no other car I have had. First, handling & ride are excellent. Fuel economy has been 22 MPG on short trips and around 30 on longer trips. The seats (both leather and power) are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled. Only complaint is the short leg room in the rear seats, but since the kids are no longer at home, it will only be used occasionally. (HINT: If you raise the front seat slightly, you can move the seat forward enough to allow more space for rear leg room. There are 2 trip computers,which were hard to use, but after reading the manual it makes sense. (See below.)
I have been wanting the car for a while and had the hardtop A4, at the end of the lease nothing sounded better and I was right. Right after driving out of the dealership with 9 miles on the odometer I got plenty of looks on the street. The car, just like any Audi, drives beautifully, their windblocker assures your perfect hair day isn't ruined. I love how fast the top closes and how little of my own work it takes to open/close it, just a touch of my finger. This car also does look great with the top up which is not a common thing for convertibles in today's market. 
I'm constantly having to fool with power window controls. So sensitive it either goes all the way down or all the way up hard to get it right where you want it. Arm rest design is poor and blocks access to cup holders and hand break. Eats oil like there is no tomorrow. Performance is great. Nearest dealer 1 hour away which is a drag. 
Bought my first pre-owned Audi after owning Lexus IS-looking for better mileage. Brakes squeak at low speeds - had them cleaned to remove carbon build- up but week later same problem. Haven't called the dealer back - anyone else have this problem? 
I have to take my car in every 1500 to 2000 miles to have oil put in because the car is burning the oil so fast. This is my 3rd Audi and I purchased this one under the assumption it would be like my others, oil change every 10,000 miles, I was wrong. The dealership keeps telling me this is normal and I don't believe them. I've contacted a lawyer because I want my car fixed before it goes out of warranty and find myself needing to replace a $10,000 engine.
I recently bought an 07 A4 Quattro after comparing several other brands. The build quality, gas mileage and AWD were a no brainer. The car is quiet, fuel efficient and fast! The turbo four is a great engine.
It was a toss up between the A4 and BMW 3 series. I went with A4 as the interior is superior (in my opinion). So far, no regrets. Good power, handling and fuel economy. All said, I would buy another Audi without hesitation.
Driving my A4 is both comfortable and fun. It is especially nice on the freeway when you can slip it into 6th gear and just cruise. It's acceleration from a stop is a little slow, but once you get going, it accelerates quite nicely.
I own an Audi A4 2.0T and it is very fun to drive and great looking style. I don't regret.
Performance is better than expected, quality and finish are outstanding. Multimedia/NAV is the best, only I would add touch-controls. I tried BMW 325xi. A4 is smaller, firmer, more fun to drive (and feels faster). Recommend A4 over the A3 (especially when you buy it with quattro) or A6 (boring...), since I had both for a while before. 
I purchased the new 2007 A4 on 9/3/6. The manual transmission really allows you to drive this car and as a V4 it gets over 30 miles to the gallon. Driving it (a long way) home in the pouring rain wasn't an issue as the 4WD and the quattro system really helps with handling. Very comfortable interior, top end stereo and tight gear shift make this a fun family car. Take the kids to practice or give it a spin on the country roads with the wife on a Sunday afternoon: both can be fun in this solid family sedan -- the 2007 A4.
This is an unbelievable car that has as much "pep in its step" as a BMW, but with more elegance and minus a couple thousand dollars.
I have been driving BMW's for the last 16 years, but just purchased a pre-owned 2007 A4; the tight ride, the excellent gas mileage, and the bang-4-the-buck were the overriding factors influencing my decision. This is my first front-wheel drive car, which has taken a bit to get used to; other than that, I am still satisfied with my decision.
This is the complete package. Fun to drive, beautiful interior, great in any weather, zippy. What more do you want in a car this size?
This A4 is my second Audi (first was a 1997 A4). Audi has definitely stepped up their game. I drive a lot and am currently at 53,000 miles and have not had 1 problem. Consistent 31 MPG even with driving at 80 MPH. Highly recommended! 
I have been real disappointed with the A4 3.2 CVT. I had 3.0 Quattro before and there is no companison. Quattros are what Audi is all about. The CVT transmission is jerky in the 3.2. It is a boring ride. I once tried to accelerate and had a delayed response. It is fast and comfortable but I plan to get rid of it and go back to a Quattro. 
Had my Audi for a year now and very pleased. Car is governed for 135. Rides well and can get 36 mpg at 60 mph. Around town if you go 47 mph it is easy to get 32 mpg.
Bought an 07 BMW 328i and got out of it 2 months later. I can't believe how cheap BMW has become and those run flat tires are pure junk. I never drove an Audi until a friend recommended and kept telling me to drive the A4. This thing is solid, tight and drives amazing! The Bose system is nice, but all the speaker and Bose amp are going and being replaced with much higher end speakers and keeping the head unit. Audi is definitely the ultimate driving machine. BMW, I defect!
The A4 Avant is agile on the road and it's a blast to drive. For the price, you really get a lot for your money. Most significantly, I feel firmly tied to the road during poor driving conditions. The sleek look of the Avant puts to rest the popular notion that wagons are boring and unsexy. 
We have the s-line package with the firmer suspension, 18 inch wheels and upgraded leather. I absolutely love this car. We had a 2003 3.0 litre A4 before and we stuck with Audi (instead of buying a 335 BMW) because they are such a great company to deal with and their engineering is beautiful inside and out. I wasn't sure if I wanted the 6 speed manual until I drove it and loved it. It is awesome fun up in the mountains and the gas mileage is way better than our previous automatic. Also no one beats the Audi interior for the money. It is better than my buddy's brand new $90,000 BMW 650i interior. It is an incredible car for the money.
Bought the A4 6500 miles ago. Seats are amazing, you never need to stop on long trips only adjust lumbar on long trips. Fuel ecnomy is excellent but it requires premium as expected with a turbo. AWD combined with winter tires makes this car the best I've driven in extreme winter conditions. Consumer reports rates this a recommeded buy, one of the main reason I purchased it. Traditionally pre-05 audis were not nearly a reliable. My previous car was an acura RSX, a more reliable (I am told) car but not nearly as nice of handling or design. I only hope this car will be as problem free as my Acura was, but I am not counting on it. This is the price paid for nicer handling and design.
Several issues with the vehicle 1) Engine Noise - the car sounds like a diesel. Not Quiet it will bother you. Dealer says that is the injectors 2) Brand new Car that burns oil according to Audi corp the engineering tolerances allow for a quart to be burned every 1200 miles - All I can say is WOW. This is a serious problem that will cause engine failure in the Future 3) The HID Lights vibrate. Taken in on several occasions there is an NTSB release on this safety issue. AUdi wont do anything about it till someone dies. 4) Poor Value. Poor Resale Value. 5) TURBO LAG . . . . Turbo Lag. Step on the Gas Pedal and count 2 missisippi. God forbid you need to quickly accela
After test-driving the 3.2L, I could not settle for the 2.0T. While the 2.0T is peppy, the 3.2 is brute-force power, but with a terrific handling finesse. The exterior lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors *cough*BMW*. The interior is likewise sleek without the BMW austerity or Lexus frou-frou. The engine just purrs, and no matter what your speed, the 3.2 has plenty of power in reserve. The GPS is top- notch, the Bose system is pure concert- hall sound, and the overall design is classic. Amazing how a 10-year-old Audi doesn't look nearly as dated as a younger Lexus, Merc or BMW. Most importantly, I took a broadside hit from a Dodge Ram and was fine. Audi - 1, Dodge - 0.
I've been eyeing and dreaming of driving this car for 7 years, you hear me, 7 years! Solid performance, nice handling, luxurious interior, a product of real German engineering. Really does well on turning on sharp curves, it hugs the road. You name it, rain, snow, ice, it's there, 4 seasons in a year! Yeah, it gets bored in the summer.
Great engine, handling, and transmission. Unfortunately, the suspension is so hard it transmits every bump and crevice from the road right to the steering wheel and cabin. Makes for a "nervous" ride. Truly unfortunate. I feel like I need to see the chiropractor after every drive.
After owning a 2007 A4 for just over 1 year, I can firmly say that it is a really nice car, but definitely not worth the sticker price of 37K. I have a couple of issues (car stalls for 2-3 seconds while cruising) that the dealership can't fix. I have a couple of rattles that really shouldn't exist in this caliber vehicle. I got a great lease deal 400 a month / 15k a year / 24 months with nearly nothing down. It is fun to drive. It's fairly fast for the base engine. The mileage is good, but varies alot between city and highway.
I recently bought my second Audi. This one is an 2007 A4 that I bought as a CPO with 12G KMS. It has a sport suspension with 17 in. MAGS. It is a great combination of style, comfort and driving performance. The 2.0 FSI has a bit of turbo lag in automatic mode but is way less noticeable than in the 1.8T. Frankly, it is no big deal as it is not very apparent and basically disappears in manual mode. Interior is second to none and the handling is crisp and clean. In the process of contemplating this purchase, I have tried out all the competition and came back to Audi because they put everything into one great package.
I'm big, the car isn't, but all in all it is reasonably comfortable. The AWD 6 speed 2.0 T gives me all the performance that I really need for Canadian winters and driving distances. Mileage is excellent on the hwy in 6th and this car pulls well past the speed limit. I find the fit and finish as good as my previous bimmers but the car is more reliable than my recent X5's and is actually better in the snow. I reccomend this car wholeheartedly - I always enjoy driving it!
Great car for driving around town. Convertable is really fun and in the winter, quattro really gets you through. One issue I have is that on a long trip, the driver's seat becomes very uncomfortable to the point of painful. I have had the pad replaced but it didn't help. I use a towel on the seat for long trips. Additionally, the german car makers need to upgrade their Nav system. Toyota and Acura systems win by a mile!
Wow! this is in one word what I can say about this car. Im the convertible type of woman and I previously had the bmw z4. After switching this car to Audi I don't think I will ever go back to BMWs. I live in Las Vegas so sun is always here and the convertible just makes sense however from now on even if I live in Alaska I still wouldn't mind having the same car. In the z4 i had to "work" on getting the top latched to the car and here I press a button and it does it all for me, and I mean ALL. Overall I love it and recommend it to anybody out there. 
I purchased a new A4 Quattro. On the way home the ESP light would intermittently stay on, the dynamic headlight warning light came on and stayed on. The cruise control did not work, the next morning I pulled out of the garage and began driving to work, the same thing happened and got worse, the turn signals would not work as well, very poor car, I have immediate glitches, hassles, embarassment (pulled up at starbucks with co-worker in car and had to open the door to get the order) and this is all on the original tank of gas.
This is my second A4 and I fell in love all over again. Just like I did when I purchased my first Audi in 2002. These cars are made to last and are only a few dollars more than a loaded-up Camry! I chose this time to forgo Quattro as my previous A4 Quattro "ate tires for breakfast." I'm very happy with the FrontTrack. The 2.0 turbo is almost as fast as my 2002 3.0 and gets MUCH better fuel milage: 32 hwy and 28/29 city. I would reccommend Audi to anyone seeking a safe, efficient, quality auto that provides the driver with the cachet of a German luxury make without breaking the bank!
The turbo 4 is plenty with the manual transmission, and I average 31 mpg in mostly highway travel. Handles great. No problems. Feels solid. Over 6000 miles so far.
Only have 2000 miles in 3 months. Visited the dealer on a whim after checking out Saab and VW Eos. VW dealer had a used A4 on the lot. Big mistake. For about the same money as an Eos , I was able to lease a new A4 with Quattro. I feel the value of this car with all its luxury and fit n finish puts all others to shame in this class. It is a second car, so it doesn't get its fair share of outdoor time. I can't keep my eyes off it. It turns heads on the road as well. The Alpaca Beige is really unique and looks great with the aluminum trim. Didn't get all bells and whistles since inventory was limited. Stereo just ok. Convenience pkg is great as are 18" wheels. Just put the top down and grin!
After driving an ML320 for the past eight years, it was a big decision to return to a sedan. We looked at, and drove, many of the SUVs and cross over vehicles but weren't happy with the fuel economy (nor the cost) so we started driving sedans. We bought the A4 because of its proven AWD system in the NE winters. We have 9000 miles on it so far and it's been great. We average 28 mpg, the driving is great fun and it's very responsive on curves, etc. The quallity of engineering is impressive and the service (for the 5k oil change) quick and friendly. Great little car! 
Bought my first German made car. Almost bought a ford fusion but when I really sat down and saw the better engineering, beefier parts, and the technology on this vehicle, the difference easily went away from the v6 opponent. All I can say is I got 36 mpg at 65 mph. 32 driving slow ~45 mph in stop and go traffic around town. Vehicle kicks with the cvt which you can make drive like a regular transmission, but that burns more fuel and well you don't need it.
After months of research, I dismissed the following cars: Saab 9-3, Volvo S40, Infiniti G35, Acura TSX. It came down to the Acura TL and the A4. I bought the A4 because of the ride and I got it for $3K less than the TL. The car is fast, but watch out for turbo lag from a standing start. The quality of build is terrific. I'm getting 30 mpg with 70% hwy driving. The trunk is surprisingly spacious, but a little tight for the driver's right leg. Get the premium package (with leather seats). Great fun all around!
Have had a number of German autos, our other car is a Porsche C4S and I bought the Audi as a utility vehicle and so far we are extremely pleased with the quality and performance of the car. Have also had BMWs in the past, the Audi is equal or better in all aspects and would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a wagon for the utility benefit but still wants the style and luxury of a great German car!
I love my new Audi. It is really fun to drive and very comfortable. I also feel that it is a very safe vehicle for me and my family. I love the in-dash 6 disk changer and the body style of it. When I drive past people they know that the looks impressive. 
I shopped all the brands in this price point, thought the BMW was too small and cramped, thought the Lexus was just too boring, and the MB a little too 'old'. I like the ride, handling, mpg, price and stereo in this car. The price came in under all the competition and the complementary maintenance was very nice. However, I have not been able to enjoy it since out of the first 39 days of ownership, it's been in the shop for 23 days. I don't know if I got a lemon, or this is indicative of Audi quality. Either way, I do not recommend this car and I won't be buying from Audi again for a long long time.
This is one great car. I love how agile it is. Handling is superb and it is a pleasure to drive the car. This car personifies how a true German sports sedan is supposed to feel and ride. The cabin is beautifully designed and the exterior is stylish and curves are eye catching. The mileage I get from this car is phenomenal. The only two things I would like see improved are, the turbo lag and leg area is slightly tight where a bit of wider floor would increase the comfort. 
I selected the wood trim instead of the aluminum. The car is very fun to drive, and Quattro is amazing. The fact that you can get it nicely equipped at about 46k is pretty nice too. I had the Premium and Convenience Packages, along with the Bose sound system. No MMI or Bluetooth. However, Bluetooth is pointless in a convertible if you have the top down. The wind deflector and heated seats are invaluable and they help you drive the car a lot later into the year. Digital climate control is standard, a nice touch over BMW or Mercedes. The CD player is an in-dash 6 disc. The changer moves to the glovebox if you get MMI. It also plays MP3 discs, which is handy.
I recently bought the A4 2.0T CVT; previously I had an A4 2001, 2.8 V6. I liked that car a lot, but this new one is more powerful. Even though is 4 cyl, it has 10 HP more than my previous V6. Exterior and interior design is awesome. I got 6 years 100000 miles of warranty (for certified cars only), so I can drive non-stop and have fun. The only thing that my old car has the advantage over the new one is a silent engine noise, I believe it because of the turbo. I like more silent powerful engines, but otherwise everything is just excellent! AAA+++ 
I've owned three VWs before this and so far I'm in love with the A4. I miss the power off the line from the VR6 engine in the VW's I drove, but this is my first turbo and part of it is a personal adjustment. Would I purchase one again, if I had the choice? Yes. I love the way it handles, the ergonomics and interior design are excellent, and the build quality is top notch. I only wish that I had an S4 or an RS4. It leaves me with something to wish for, but that's not a bad thing.
The A4 can justify the price and gives the owner a sense of exclusivity. I wanted a sensible economy car, and that's exactly what I got. It's not overly fun to drive, doesn't have drop-dead good looks, but it is reliable, has excellent fuel economy, and the fit and finish set the standard. The Audi is an all around good car, and I have never second-guessed myself for purchasing one. 
Couldn't help but notice the earlier review about a new engine failure. I brought my 2007 3.2 Cabriolet in for it's 5000 mile service, and when a new engine noise appeared immediately thereafter on the passenger side, Audi replaced the engine, seemingly knowing what the problem was right away. One of the cylinders had an obvious machining defect that the service department kindly showed me. Audi should not saddle the consumer with this enormous market devaluation when an obvious quality control issue like this arises. If you're buying an Audi like I did, thinking I was smarter than all the other people who have nightmare stories to tell, perhaps think again. 
After 9 years and 150K miles (8 1/2 years and 142K miles with nothing but routine maintenance) it was time to retire my 98 A4 2.8. Audi, BMW, Acura, Lexus and Infiniti were all on my list to consider. The Audi turned out to be the best all-around vehicle and as I mentioned has proven to be ultra-reliable at least for me. I love the 3.2's growl and pick-up.
I recently purchased a 2007 Audi A4 2.0T six speed with the sport package. This car is simply awesome!! There is virtually no turbo lag. The acceleration is simply breathtaking. It is hard to believe that this car has only has 200 hp. It feels more like 250 hp. The six speed will do 0-60 in 6.5 secs (but feels even faster when the temp outside is between 40 -50 degrees - turbos like cool weather). The passing acceleration is equally impressive. Just drop down a gear and whoosh, the turbo blasts the car forward leaving other cars in your wake. I am also impressed with the handling capabilities of the A4. Many of the components of the sport suspension are borrowed from the S4 and it shows.
Words alone cannot describe the artwork this car is. From the moment you sit in the car you feel comfort and to the point of making turns at 60 mph you still feel the ground which gives you believe in the car you trust it in the most severe time, and it doesn't let you down. 4 cylinder engine, great on gas especially now that will hit $4 a gallon, and does not compromise power. 200 hp is quite enough. The interior, as always, high quality.
This is a great car, but it does have a few problems. The biggest problem so far is the fuel economy, granted I live in NYC, but 230 miles to the tank still seems like a bit much for a manual transmission being carefully driven. Now the fun part, at 4,953 the check engine light came on and as I soon found out, the oxygen sensor was broken. This would have to be the first time I have ever had anything break at 5,000 miles, and needless to say I was not pleased. Still pretty happy with the car though, an overall pleasant drive.
Did my research... Audi A4 wins in most categories: fun to drive yet economical; great design aspects, but not too cutting-edge; very comfortable ride, and of course, excellent German engineering throughout. It's damn good looking, too! 
I just recently bought my Audi, and I am extremely satisfied. I love the car; how it runs, performs, handles, everything.
Very satisfied with my new '07 A4 3.2Q S-Line and titanium pkg. I've received glowing remarks on the Quartz metallic exterior and most people "get" the smooth quality interior. I've got the Navigation system with Sirius radio and enjoy every minute in this fun to drive rocket. As many have mentioned, the 3.2 engine has serious pull and the suspension keeps the car hugging the curves. The seamless bluetooth technology is just another added creature comfort, so is the MP3 compatibility. Love this car!
I've purchased this vehicle about a week ago. I was also looking at Acura TL, Infiniti G35, and Lexus IS 250 as well. In my opinion, Acura had the best quality and price. However, Audi was much more fun to drive and has AWD feature which is very helpful for me (I live in Boston). I am satisfied with my vehicle. 
After 4500 miles, the engine on my A4 developed a knock on the passenger side. Audi has replaced the air pump, ECU, and is now replacing the cylinder head. I am concerned that such a new motor has failed, and that Audi has instructed the dealer to break it open and repair it rather then replace the motor or vehicle. 
Have owned the car for 6 days and love it! Went with FWD and CVT due to price -- wanted a convertible and this is a 3rd car that will not do heavy duty driving or commuting. For general driving, the FWD is more than fine. Engine is great with 2.0T -- peppy and efficient at same time. Brother-in-law owns '05 1.8T Sedan - drove my 2.0T & says it's much stronger from a standstill. Upgraded stereo with Bose/Sirius is fabulous. Interior fit/feel is intuitive, with lots of little features that make it a pleasure to drive. Top up/ down process is painless and takes less that 30 seconds. Overall, no regrets and the price was right, compared to a used 2006 BMW convertible.
I just turned-in my 2004 A4 1.8T UltraSport (5-speed manual) and am very excited. I decided to go for CVT this time, and with a few less options. This car does not disappoint, it looks great, drives great, etc.
I have had this car two months and I love driving it. This car is really nimble and comfortable. The gas mileage is pretty good for a car that performs this well. There is a slight lag at take off but then it really picks up. Also, the car beeps way too much. For the money this is a great car. 
A long time Benz owner - drove the Audi on a whim and fell in love! I had forgotten how much fun driving could be - this thing rides like it's on rails! Bought it as a 2nd car to keep miles off my ML350 and have to force myself to drive the SUV now. 
With the new 3.2 A-4, Audi has designed, in my opinion, the BMW-killer. This car outdoes the 3-series in three important categories of performance, appearance, and overall value, with handling being a tie. I'm so glad I kicked in the extra few thousand to get the 6-cyl. over the buzzy little turbo 4 cyl. It was well worth it, as the six gives you an extra 55 naturally-aspirated HP, which is noticeable on hilly roads as well as in passing situations. I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship!
Since September of '06, this car has been returned to the dealer for a total of approximately 6 weeks to try to fix a serious mechanical problem - namely, extremely hard starting in cold weather. Based on Audi's suggestions, a number of the car's components, including the coils and exhaust valves, have been replaced, but the problem has been neither identified or fixed. (The car has currently been at the dealer for almost 4 weeks with no progress.) 
Just got an A4 2.0T 6MT as my 2nd car due to its attractive lease deal. I wasn't an Audi fan & never like quattro or FWD cars. My previous driving expriences on 1st Gen S4 was so-so only. I was always thought of getting a BMW 3 series as my daily. After I owned this A4 for a few weeks, I fell in love with the new 07 A4. Its suspension is so composed, even with the base 16" wheel/tire setup, the suspension setting is firm yet comfortable. Handling is neutral to very minimal understeer. Overall experience is very good, on par with the last 3 series I drove. The 6MT shifts better than any BMW, period. Now, with $100 lower on monthly payment. I totally forget about the BMW and I'm loving it.
This is my first Audi and so far I'm very pleased. The overall muscular look of the exterior and refined interior was what attracted me. The turbo engine has plenty of power especially in "s" mode. Interior controls are well laid out and the dual climate control works exceptionally well - very cold A/C. The ride is rather quiet and wind noise is relatively unnoticeable. Fuel economy is a bit less than advertised. I do mostly highway driving at 60-70 mph and I have been getting 30 mpg versus 32 mpg advertised. Overall, I'm very pleased with the value and quality of this car!
My new 2007 A4 already been the shop 3 times. Need a new engine @ 2200 miles. Very unreliable machine. Very unhappy customer. Would not buy Audi again. Idle rough at morning start. Dealer said it is normal for all 2.0T. 
This is my first Audi. I always had an impression of Audi being a ?softer? BMW, and all in all I think I was correct. After having owned many performance cars I was looking for something more comfortable for my long drives so I decided to check out Audi. This is definitely a comfortable car. You get a fair amount of luxury, good performance, great gas mileage, and a beautiful car inside and out for the money; all without the unwanted ?image? the BMW provides, which frankly I got tired of. If you want a more performance oriented car the 3-series is cream of the crop; however, if you want a more compliant German made car the A4 is a great car for less money. 
This is my first sedan. I never thought I'd get one, but I truly like my Audi. Going from a V6 engine has been my only real adjustment. The lag still bothers me a bit, but once you pick up speed, wow! The car really moves. I had considered a BMW, but Audi had a better deal, and I am very pleased with my car. It's a classy car.
This is my 8th leased Audi. Love the brand. The 3.2 Cab is a great car to drive. I've had Porsche and BMW convertibles and nothing can compare to the amazing roof this Audi has. It's canvas, but virtually silent even when driving at 80 mph. I don't know how the engineers did it, but wind noise is kept at a minimum. Handling is much better than the old cabs. It seems stiffer and the turn-in is quicker. Brakes are awesome and inspire confidence. Got it in Alpaka Beige, cream interior and tan room. It's a very nice looking car, even with the new Audi gap-mouth grille. You get used to that fairly quickly. I highly recommend the 3.2.
Being a previous owner of a Passat, I was not particularly excited about taking delivery of this car. I was a BMW zealot (and still have a late model bimmer parked next to the Audi) but got excited, very excited about driving this car! The Quattro is a godsend - much better than X-drive. The fit and finish is superb. The creature comforts well matched. This car is a winner. Its dichotomous nature is aptly suited to both the executive who thinks he could drive in a rally and to the retiree who likes a sport tuned suspension with the confidence of knowing they have all-wheel ability. One will not be disappointed with this car. Enjoy and cheers.
My second A4 Avant and it is better than my 2003 was. Faster, better handling, great looking both inside and out. Better mileage and bang for your buck than any Benz or BMW out there. For $40k with most of the upgrades, this baby rocks. Black and beige is a babe magnet.
 I haven't owned this vehicle long enough (purchased 1/2007) to give a complete review. I was pleasantly surprised at the power and response from such a small engine. I find myself wondering why everyone else is driving so slow on the highway. At slower speeds and around corners, the handling is very quick with very little lean.The manual shifting with the 2T package takes some getting used to and, frankly, some practice. The suspension is somewhat stiff but I think you'd have to agree that it is race oriented. The interior is comfortable and "no nonsense". Everything is there and nicely organized around the driver. I personally liked the gauge positioning and control positioning. 
What other vehicle in this class offers luxury, performance, safety, cachet, fuel economy, and quality at the price of an A4? BMW arguably makes a superior car, but the value is not there (and how will you know which one is yours in the parking lot?). M-B lacks quality. The Japanese makes don't offer the driving experience of the Germans, and the Americans are sans cachet. To me, the A4 fills a neat niche left by the others with an incredible drivetrain, legendary ergonomics, earth- and wallet-saving fuel economy, IIHS safety cred, and lease deals galore, it's a no-brainer. Drive everything else first.
Second A4 I've owned and it keeps getting better and better. Love the design, the engine, the interior. Still notice the turbo lag but not as pronounced as my 05 A4 1.8L. The car will get up and move when asked and is very responsive, and I love to hear the growl of the engine. Until audi does something really bad to these cars I'll always buy another audi. Will always recommend audi before other luxury cars also.
When I bought my 1.8T AWD, dealer insisted it would last over 100k with no problem. As soon as mine went off the warranty it several major failures: headlight switch (common in all Audis), tensioner gasket (huge oil leak demanding entire engine disassembly), instrument panel (dead horizontal lines), and 2 secondary air pump failures. Not to mention the quarterly visits to the dealer while the car was still before 30k to fix check engine light (leaking hoses). This is my last German car. Driving it was lots of fun but I can't deal with thousands of dollars in repairs and repeat visits to the $120-an-hour labor dealer. Buy at your own risk - and read the forums before you do!
I have had my A4 for a month and it handles any curve in any condition. The all-wheel drive is great. I upgraded to the sport suspension and it really makes the ride more firm so make sure that you really want that as the regular suspension is already pretty good and sometimes I think I would not mind a little softer ride although it does allow you to take a corner at 75 and makes it feel like 25. The inside is way better then the BMW or Acura. Great car overall with a great style all its own. If you go to the snow this car is great, I have already taken it to tahoe and while others were putting on chains I just kept on driving. 
I have now owned my 6th Audi (4th A4) and I will say for sure, Audi has come back to be the overall segment leader in the compact luxury car segment for the total package. I have already put over 5K miles on the car without a hitch, just got the first scheduled service for free. Even being front drive this car handles extremely well and the performance is much greater than expected for a 4 cylinder, thanks to direct injection. The "base" stereo system rocks as well as the Bose stereo from previous A4s. Heated seats aren't really necessary in Arizona but have come in handy on a few cool nights. Overall fit and finish is unmatched by any other cars in class
I bought this car for my daughter, who previously had a Volvo S40 and a Volvo S60. Both are very good, safe cars but lack any sense of excitement. I drive a Porsche and when it was in for service I was given an A4 as a loaner and loved it. Tight as a drum, well-balanced, great handling, outstanding gas mileage and really fun to drive (I grab it whenever I can!). Excellent build quality, great exterior design and an interior way beyond anything in its price class. Buy it! 
After a bad experience with my 2006 BMW and the run flat tires (my third BMW), I researched many cars to see what would be the BMW's replacement. When I drove the Audi A4 3.2 quattro, I knew I would never go back to BMW. The car handles better, better ride, quiet, large trunk, great storage and many useful features. It's an all around awesome car and I'm looking forward to many years of driving enjoyment. 
I love driving this car. It has a great feel and handles very well on back country roads.
I found my stylish, sporty and comfortable A4 is a lot of car for the money.
I have had this car for 4 months and every day I seem to find a new reason to like it better than the day before. It is a beautifully refined vehicle and the interior along with the convertible top is a marvel. The engine is smooth although maybe a little noisy and the 6-speed auto transmission is very refined. I wish the gas mileage were a little better, but that is the compromise to have Quattro, I guess. I have pretty much every available option and I think this is the reason the car is such a marvel... nothing to do but drive and enjoy.
Start with the engine - 2.0 liter mated to the 6 spd and the Quattro drive... astonishing torque and smoothness for the size. Turbo lag is virtually eliminated with DFI. Low end grunt is not awesome, but it's not to be expected. The exterior is a matter of taste - I love the design. Interior is very quiet, comfortable, well appointed.
Truly a thinking man's BMW. Sure it has FF format and it doesn't quite drive like FR BMW, but it has a confident handling and ride quality that many drivers wouldn't really mind at all. And how about the price point. It is several thousands dollars less than BMW, but I think it has much more tasteful interior that will age gracefully. Wonderful car to drive and look at.
I really have a hard time describing to non-Audi Quattro drivers, the experience of Audi Quattro. In the wet, snow and ice this all wheel drive saves you in so many situations, and this system does this in a manner in which the driver has no clue - it just works. This is not four wheel drive, as I have often heard the neophyte describe controlled power to four wheels. On dry pavement, this is total smart control - Quattro is an all wheel computer controlled drive, perfected over 25 years and banned on many race circuits because of it's dominant superiority. With seamless traction, like a Cheetah coupled with an engine that is FSI turbocharged and inter-cooled race bred in an everyday spo
First type of entry level luxury car. Fun to drive, responsive and comfortable. Would buy again if they continued with this type of quality in the car. Good pricing options and the packages they offer are excellent! They have me hooked for sure, not to mention, it has a decent room for passengers in the back.
First Audi and after 1500 miles, I'm sold! Couldn't be happier with the drive and feel of the A4. Handles amazing, great gas mileage and an appealing look - both interior and exterior. Test drove the 325xi and not much difference - actually the interior styling and price are superior with the A4. The interior controls take a little getting used to (climate controls, audio, lights, and sunroof control).
The car drives great. It has tight handling and responsive control, it's easy to operate and the controls are great. It's a beautiful car. 
This thing is soo fun. I've had an MB C230 before and it can't even compare to my 07 A4 2.0t. It's really fast with the sport mode trans and so easy to drive while maintaining complete control. Awesome brakes too. Sweet sound system and cool lighting while driving at night. 
Just got the car, so this is my initial reaction review. After I drive it a year or so I'll put in another review. But right now I LOVE this car. The handling is great, the steering wheel (adaptive steering) is a godsend, the color (deep blue pearl) is beautiful, the acceleration is strong and the engine roar is sexy (too bad I'm still breaking it in, so nothing over 5000 rpm yet), and the safety and interior features are very well designed. I personally liked how the manual drove on this car than the 2006 325xi, and the Quattro system is much better. I think this car is a keeper!
I have only logged 400 miles but I am sold on the A4. The car is a pleasure to drive and much sportier than expected. I shopped the 3 series as well and dollar for dollar the A4 just felt like the better package. It is hard to explain but just feels good to drive this car. It has multiple personalities based on the way you shift the automatic but all are enjoyable. I like to use the manual mode to get to speed quickly and then shift to D. The car really rewards you when you hit the back roads it feels stuck to the road but rides very comfortably. As far as the interior goes it is nearly perfect from an ergonomic stand point and I love the bluetooth with my Blackberry 8700. 
Does everything well. I enjoy driving this car. Gets great gas mileage, no turbo lag, amazing handling. 
Awesome car that handles like its on rails. The new 2.0T transmission mated with the manual is a joy to drive and has all the power you need. The car's interior is top-notch. All in all, a wonderful car for the price. 
I leased the Audi A4 2.0T CVT with premium package and I was amazed by the powerful engine, fuel economy and interior quality. It is fun to drive and a very good looking car. 
I had an Audi A6 2.7 2000 which I loved and was very much the sports car. The A6 3.2 2008 is not as sporty but is a great car to drive. The sound system is the best I've ever owned. The gas mileage is unbelievable with in city averaging over 21 and highway over 30. The car is great car for trips and would highly recommend it to anyone. 
The A6 4.2 is my first German luxury sedan, having previously enjoyed both Volvo and Acura sedans. The A6 clearly outclasses, and out-performs, these models, as it should for its premium price. Overall, I am very pleased with this car after 20,000 miles. It has been mechanically sound, is safe and comfortable, has classic euro lux sedan good looks, and delivers great performance. Two things have really impressed me. First, the quattro AWD -- it performs in all weather conditions;I won't have another car without AWD. Second, fuel economy - it is very good for a powerful V8, I often get 26-28 on the highway even when I'm pushing the pace. The navigation and MMII systems are lackluster.
This is my 2nd certified used Audi A6, the 1st was an Avant that I kept until 185,000 miles and it still drove like new. This 2007 certified used Audi had 27,000 miles when I bought it and I haven't had a single problem. All the power I can use and all I do is think about passing and the next thing I know I'm past in absolute silence and total control. The brakes are amazing, but rather touchy and take some getting used to. I average 27 mpg and 32 on the highway doing 70-75. Nav is fast, accurate and easy, Bose radio rocks, steering and handling great. My speedometer is 3 mph fast and the front cupholders aren't great - otherwise nothing compares for this 6'2" 220 pounder
My car is actually the Audi A6 2.0 TSI and it has what it takes to make it big among its German stablemates. The design flair is obvious; keep it conservative, but let it age with style. The build quality has improved from my 2000 Audi A6 with the feel of this car leaning more towards the A8 than it does to the A4. The handling is still nimble and oh so much fun in S-shift, especially when taking off at the lights. The Jekyll and Hyde personality shift is scary! The sound system is pure pleasure and adds to the ambience of the car... that is, until things start going wrong.
Took delivery Jan 28, 07. Car was delivered spiffy clean and sparkling. So far, no serious defects of any kind - rather amazing in a complex machine. Only a few minor complaints: front cupholders could use redesign - one is under the armrest, which needs to be lifted to use cupholder. Windshield wiper moisture sensors work but not precisely enough - you need to "help" them along sometimes. Occasionally, there is a very slight hesitation when starting up from idle - seems to have lessened as time goes by - maybe I am getting used to it?? Very slight rattle in glove box door- needs adjustment?. Thats IT!! This is a "serious" car - took fanatical attention to detail to build. Fun to drive.
When I took delivery of my car and the brakes were very loud the salesman told me this was just a temporary problem and would go away-it has only been worse. Srevice dept reply-brakes squeak. My 4 other vehicles do not have squeaky brakes. The worst problem however is the delayed acceleration at slow speeds. I will not let other family members drive this car, it is not safe and again the service reps say that's just the way it is! I will never buy another. I own 2 Lexuses and have had no problems that were not taken care of ditto that for the 2 BMWs. Audi's indifference to these acknowledged problems is beyond belief.
I researched all german and japanese sedans in the $40,000 to $60,000 range and Audi was one of the last I drove. I have been driving BMWs since the late 70s owning the 3 and 5 series. Audi's A6 reliability got better reviews the last few years so I checked it out. It's very nimble, powerful and just plain fun to drive, plus it's stylish. Being a female, color is important and I love the amaretto interior. Bose sound system cranks too. 
I've driven Acuras for 15 years (Vigor, TL) and loved them. My new 2007 A6 4.2 is my first German car, and I love it. I wanted a 4WD vehicle with large engine and room to fit my bike. I started looking at the BMW X5, Acura RL and MDX, and the Lexus RX. I liked the X5 a lot, but really preferred a sedan. When I discovered the A6 had 350 hp, beautiful interior, and an enormous trunk, I was in. My test drive sealed the deal. I've had the car for 6 weeks and 1,400 mi, and am loving every minute. It's fun to drive with tons of power and lots of class. I'm sure I'll feel some pain in the wallet for service, but Audi's service contract eases that a bit. A big thumbs-up for Audi!
I have had this car for 3 months and 2100 miles, city and highway driving. It is easy to maneuver, solid in good and bad weather, very comfortable and very stylish. The MMI has become second nature and is really a lot of fun. The car has computer power that exceeds many desktops. 
Excellent design inside and out (understated class). At home at the market or country club. Fit and finish is incredible. The 18" wheels look the best and are surprisingly smooth on the road. Would encourage wheel insurance though as they're easy to nick and scuff. Interior screams luxury - well appointed and roomy. MMI control is much easier to learn than critics say.Upgraded Bose audio is concert hall quality with the surround sound selection. Bluetooth works like a dream. Adaptive headlights are very bright. Good acceleration and braking. Quattro AWD gives excellent handling. Tight turning radius for a big car. Trunk is deep and the back seats fold down (!) easily holding golf bags.
This is a spectacular car, its handling is excellent, and it grips the road like no other car. It is the nicest design, interior and exterior in its class. Very smooth on the road for the front seats, and has been a very reliable car so far. I drive a lot, it has 16000 miles in less then a year, and so far it has not gone for service except for the regular maintenance. Great AWD as well, drives in the snow beautifully, doesn't slip or slide. Great job Audi. 
Excellent car. Have had several Audis. This is the best, even though the others were excellent. 
This is a very impressive car. Love the power in sport mode. Build quality is awesome. Traded a 2006 A3 2.0 with DSG. I miss the lightning quick paddles and DSG would be a great addition to this vehicle. The trunk is huge. I have not tested this, but I am guessing that I could fit 4 golf bags in it. Can't wait to burn up the miles. 
Since purchase, the car presented steering and eletrical problems. Audi USA claims the vehicle is operating to specs. It drifts left and right. Several alignments and hundreds of dollars later, I just got used to the way it behaves. Electrical problems include warning lights that will not go off. Stereo not working. MMI malfunction. Undercarriage plastic protection ripped off with RAIN WATER. Plastic parts wear off too fast. The AWD feature is very nice and helps with the handling. The interior is very nice. Hopefully Audi will master their product eventually. I will not be a repeat buyer though. Front bumper comes off when parking.
This car does everything well. The technology integrated into the vehicle and build quality are superb. 
This car is soooo awesome. It drives like a dream. The luxury amenities are truly luxurious. The nav is awesome. The capability of calling friends by voice command and bluetooth technology will allow me to never get a ticket. It is so beautiful both on the inside and the outside. I am having so much fun figuring out how to use the console to its fullest potential.
The Audi A6 3.2 Quattro S-Line virtually embodies my vision of what a luxury performance sedan should be. Quattro four-wheel-drive provides incredible control, handling, and steering through curves and around corners. S-Line suspension gives "on-rails" feeling. Averaging 22 mpg, while driving it "passionately." Stunning and comfortable interior, with full array of electronics: excellent bluetooth (Treo 700p worked from the start); navigation system (small additional display in front of driver allows larger screen to be freed from map-use), which has been dead-on accurate; wonderful climate system and heated seats bottoms and backs. I love looking at it.
The first thing that is great about the car is its elegant interior, I've owned BMWs and Lexus and MBZs and they all come in a distant second to the interior. The sure footedness of its all wheel drive makes it a fun car to drive, yet not stiff and rugged like it's german relatives. This vehicle is not the quickest off the line but the real world does not live in the 0-60 realm, it is in real driving situations where this car exceeds expectations. The MMI took a while to learn, but who needs it when you have the voice activated commands?
Fast, quiet, responsive, well appointed, bells and whistles aside, I love going to work now. The mountain freeway I drive to and from work is fun now, for the first time in 25 years. It's taking me a little time getting used to the differences of driving from my old car, and 1995 Jeep, where my legs go down in from of me and the steering wheel isn't between my knees. The 2007 A6 is a race car. It hunkers down into turns asking me to push the gas peddle a little further down, as if it wants to go faster. The car has a quality that puts it in a class with any other more expensive car on the road. Consumer reports for the 2007 Audi A6 will be all good, I believe. I couldn?t be more impressed.
I agonized over this car for months Audi vs BMW vs Lexus vs Acura... I am defiinitely very happy. The V8 is quick off the line but is more appreciated when passing on the freeway. S line handling and paddle shifter are fun but not mandatory. New addition is the review camera - which becomes important in the city (bumpers not made for love taps). Interior comfort very similar to the A8. The car is awesome. The Nav is easier to use than BMW. Decent mpg for a V8. The brakes could be a more responsive. Apparently they didn't make too many of the V8 A6s - usually are ordered only - and so you wind up paying more for it (just 1k under MSRP) but is definitely worth it. 
The Audi A8 Sport is one of the most aesthetically pleasing cars I have ever seen. The real surprise however is the combination of ride, quiet and predictable handling in all conditions with high limits for a vehicle of this size and class. I expected competence, but I was surprised by the "fun to drive" aspects of this car. The longer I have owned the vehicle, the better it gets. I drove the MB, Jaguar, BMW and Lexus - there was no question before I purchased the car which one I preferred - but I am even more convinced now that I have more than 14,000 miles on the vehicle and continue to explore its capabilities. I hope Audi doesn't change much before I am ready for my next one!
The A8 never fails to amaze us. On a recent vacation we drove 700 miles north and on the way the kids never asked "Are we there yet?" once. The car is so relaxing to travel in and makes any journey comfortable. The gas mileage is equally impressive, on our vacation we averaged 28 mpg and drove most of the way at 80 mph. The 350hp direct injection 4.2L V8 has immediate power and even more refinement. The MMI is easy to use and just makes sense. We looked at the Lexus LS460, but it felt big, heavy, and was worse to drive than the old LS430; the Lexus had too many features and had millions of buttons. The 2007 BMW 750i had the stupid I-drive and the S550 was too expensive. The A8 is brilliant. 
I've owned a 1979 5000S and a 2002 A4 1.8T, among other makes/models. This car is truly "the ultimate driving machine" bar none (sorry BMW). I've blown away many wanna-be's in BMW's from 3-series up to the 7-series on both highway and backroads with this baby and it's never misbehaved or thrown me a surprise. Incredible power, positive steering, and an amazing ride.
This car represents the perfect blend between luxury accomodations and sporty performance. While other luxury cars (S550, BMW750 & lS460)seem to be good in some areas and weak in others, the A8 is excellent in every single area and weak in none. The ride is superb, design flawless and the handling is simply amazing, extremely nimble for a large car. The attention to detail is impeccable everywhere you look and the ergonomics is simply fantastic. The interior will put "anything" south of 200K to shame. These days I find myself running more errands. I wonder why..
My black on black A8L is built like a bank vault, is quiet except when accelerating, when it has a nice little throaty tone. I've had an A6 2.7 which was fun; still have an A6 4.2, (2002) which is still solid and fun to drive. I had a 2006 A8L, which was great, but the 07 car is even better. It is understated, sumptuous, quick, and solid. Everything one could want.
I have owned Jags, Mercs, BMW, and Cadillacs and they all have their outstanding features. The regal look of the Jag, the comfort of the Merc and the Cadi's smooth ride. The Audi L W12 (my first) took the best features of luxury automobiles in its class and built a car that has lived up to my expectations. Yes the car has a six figure price tag fully loaded; however the car delivers on all its promises and gives the driver a senseof royalty without being to flashy. Would it be fair to say that I am an Audi man for life? YES!!
This is my third Audi, and I find them to be a superb balance between a luxury and sporty design philosophy. The vehicle feels like a smaller, more nimble vehicle, but has more room than practically anything else in this segment. The interior design and fit and finish are best in class. The S8 variant is an attractive alternative, but we also had a sporty car in the garage, and decided to go with the long wheel base and the extra rear leg room which precludes the S8 package. But, I also feel the extra length gives the car a more flowing appearance in the side view. Fuel economy is what you expect in this class, and when considering the performance (and the way I drive), it is rather good.
I looked at all the luxury models in this class, this car can't be touched for the money you pay. It's all I expected and more! 
This car drives like a sports car and has the luxury you wish was in other sports cars. It has great speed and acceleration and can turn with ease. The leather seats are just fantastic for comfort.
I love this car! After driving a Jaguar for 3 years I was able to see the difference with my first test drive. This car is wonderful. The fit and finish is second to none. The drive is terrific and the quality of the leather and wood cannot be matched, other then perhaps a Rolls Royce. The power is great and the looks equate to understated elegence. Every two or three years I purchase or lease a different type of luxury vehicle. I truly believe from now on I will always purchase an Audi. It's a great car!
The Audi A8L is the perfect vehicle for me. I drive about 50k miles per year between North Carolina and northern VA/DC and it can get very tiring in the wrong kind of car. The Audi is fun to drive and is very quiet and comfortable. The quattro drive is great when there are some icy conditions on the VA highways. The bluetooth connection with my phone works superbly and keeps my attention on the road while driving. The rear camera and front and rear parking sensors are very handy when parking and backing out of crowded parking garages. The rear seat area is very spacious and will seat 3. The rear leg and shoulder room is unbelievable. I can easily fit my 2 biggest clients back there.
I bought this car in October last year; after three months I have yet to find a thing that I don?t like, it took me no time to get used to the mmi, and the voice command is very responsive. I got the black/ black in and out which shows the crafty, style and quality more apparent. I like the A8 that much? Now, I am dreaming the S8!
This car is beautiful, inside and out. It feels classy rather than flashy. We just had a major snowstorm here in Seattle and while everyone else, including lots of 4wd SUVs skidded off the road, I drove right home! 
Purchased in Sept 2006. Third Audi I've bought in past 4 years. A6 2.7T and A6 4.2 and now this A8L. I still have the A6 4.2, which is 4 yrs old and in top shape with 54000 miles on it. No problems. The new A8 is rock solid, and just as peppy as the A6. Interior is absolutely top quality. MMI is a bit daunting for me, but I am working through it. (Never had one before.) I think the side mirrors could be a bit larger, but I love everything else, including the massage seats and front and back "radar" for parking. I will buy another in 3 or 4 years.
I just picked up my A8L 4.2 V8 2 weeks ago and it is THE most luxurious car I've ever owned. The attention to detail of the interior leather and wood is sheer perfection. The drive is amazingly smooth but as precise as a surgeons scalpel. I can't believe that a large luxury car like this handles so well. Not to mention the all wheel drive gives me a feeling of confidence on the road that is a true benefit. Mine is Black with Amaretto Leather and the B & O stereo! The rear seat room is amazing and my girls love the power rear seats!
The most beautiful car I've ever owned. Stunningly luxurious interior, classy exterior, polished demeanor, great acceleration from 350hp V8, dazzling 19" wheels that turn heads, super attention to detail, nimble handling that belies its size, and so much more. I bought it last week, and already took it across the state line!
I purchased my A8 on 11/04/06. This is not the long wheelbase model but the shorter A8. If my dealer told me the truth this the only A8 in the Audi Central Region with the 20" Sport Package. The car is not only a knock out in looks but a blast to drive. Great performance plus all the luxury you could ever want. I traded in a 2006 Infiniti M45 Sport so you know I had to go some to find a better vehicle! Audi needs to advertise this model more.
This car is what luxury cars are all about. The interior fit/finish is second to no car on earth. The exterior design is flawless, even the grille is growing on me. The incredible power of the W-12 powertrain is nothing short of amazing. The ride and handling balance is perhaps best in class. I absolutely love it.
We have had a vastly different experience to many of the recent posts. We have had this car for nearly 2 years and have had no defects or problems. The engine, MMI system, tires etc have all been faultless. The car is extremely comfortable and surprisingly easy to drive given its size. In fact, we are considering purchasing another Audi due to our satisfaction. Perhaps we just got lucky, but this vehicle has been terrific for us. Prestigious, stylish, comfortable, and reliable. If it got 10mpg more in the city it would be perfect!
I just spent almost $2000 to replace the brakes & rotors and the tires on my Audi Q7, which is only two years old and has only 18,000 miles on it. I called the Audi dealership, and they said I must "drive the car hard." They also said they see plenty of Q7s that need brake replacements at 18K. I'm a middle aged housewife--not a teenage speed racer who slams on the brakes; I'm more like Driving Miss Daisy. After reading many reviews, I have found out that many other owners have had to do the same "routine maintenance" during the course of their leases. Unfortunately, the $500 maintenance package that I bought when the lease started only covers oil changes. Luxury Jiffy Lube.
I've experienced an unnerving hesitation occurs at low speeds (ex.) parking lots or left turns when a full stop is not required. The accelerator must be pumped several times before the engine responds. Dangerous at times so I've learned to adapt to the quirk. Audi has looked at the car twice so far and says there is no apparent problem and my experiences can't be duplicated. Don't find it to be particularly nimble (unfair comparison, perhaps to my previous MDX) Very quiet and luxurious with very good visibility. 
Important to note: I am a grandma and a teacher. I do not speed. I always take my car for service promptly! I am absolutely outraged with the quality of this car. I only have 19,000 miles and I need a NEW ENGINE. How ridiculous is that! This vehicle has had many faults. One example is that emergency brake locked on me while I was driving on the freeway, very scary. Other defects: Window mechanism broken on both front windows -Molding coming off -headlights fogged from inside -bad brakes. BE AWARE...the blue-book price has drastically decreased FIFTY Percent. Overall, DON?T buy an AUDI! I wish I never did!!! 
Despite meaningful price-incentive at purchase, discount can't make up for poor quality and ongoing issues. Brakes and tires needed replacing at ~25K mi in response to which dealer congratulated me for outlasting the average (most customers only get 22K out of both at best)... Reason: heavy weight. Quickly upgraded tires (they were pathetic in snow/ice - seems insane for an AWD SUV) but had to stick with same (lousy) brakes due to some proprietary sensors (anyone test this theory?). Sunroof rattles, steering wheel vibrates at 70 mph, 2nd row seat rattles like a 15-year old Chevy pick-up. Dealer happy to keep trying to fix but sick of driving A4 loaners.
Very nice looking car but brakes have been squealing since the day I bought it. Resurfaced twice. At 15K service told me I needed new brakes at the cost of $2k. Said they changed the warranty on brakes to 12K miles and I see why now. Neither Audi nor dealership were helpful just basically said "sorry". From what I understand there have been many brake problems in this vehicle. Brakes still squeal. Terrible customer service from Audi headquarters and dealership and obviously do not stand behind their vehicles. It is a fun car to drive but for the money I spent you would expect high quality and customer service. Fuel economy bad even for an SUV. DO NOT BUY THIS VEHICLE.
This is my 3rd Audi. I have owned an A4 and currently still own an A6. I am disappointed in the reliability and quality of the Q7. I have only 28,000 miles on this car and brakes are already going. The tires also need to be replaced. I have never owned a vehicle where the brakes and tires went bad at such low mileage. The engine sounds like it is struggling all of the time and is sounding more and more like a pick-up truck and not an Audi SUV. We spent the extra money for the keyless start and it doesn't work when it is cold out. I think the quality of Audi's have definitely decreased.
Our 3rd Audi. This one is just not up to what we had expected. Example - the gas door feels and works like a Yugo. Instrument panel is directly under cup holders and any spills screw up the audio. $800 to fix and not covered by warranty. Service has declined dramatically over the years. It feels like they are trying to wring every dime they can from us at every chance. Not much different than most but different than our past experience. Have had for 1.5 years and seems like there is always some little thing wrong. Engine is great, great on snow. If I had it to do over again I would get the GL 450 or 550. The Acura is more reliable but does not drive as well or turn as sharply. 
The Q is my 3rd Audi. The car has good performance and room inside. As my wife says, "this thing can turn on a dime and give you change." It does have a great turning radius for this size of car. Mileage stinks (gets about 14/gal). Great handling on snow/ice in the mountains of Colorado. Had to replace all brakes & rotors at 18k miles at the tune of $1200. Dealer said this was a common problem on this car. No warranty coverage. Just take it out of the pocket. This should really be a recall issue but I'm sure Audi won't step up to the problem.
I traded in a lemon 2002 A6 in for the Q7. Within 2 months of the Q7 purchase, the windshield wipers collided during a bad rainstorm on the highway. After 5000 miles the power lift gate stopped working and the back seat wouldn't lock into place. After 19000 miles, the tires needed to be replaced for $1200. Then at 28000 miles the brake warning light came on, $1700 to replace the brakes and rotors. There was a leak in the sunroof and mold started to grow on the drivers side carpet. Great looking cars, very poor reliability and very expensive to keep up. From now on, I'm spending a little more for another BMW. There is a reason you see many more older BMWs than older Audis on the road.
I enjoy driving the Q7 and it is a well built basic SUV. Unfortunately for $60K price tag Audi falls short on customer service and attention to detail. I had serious electrical problems the 1st week I drove out of dealership and the dealer's reaction was "so what". They fixed it but it was as if it was expected. Next the battery died several times and had to be jumpstarted. After bringing it in 3 times Audi finally figured out the Software had a glitch. The MMI system(electronic brain) is unsealed and located below the tilted forward cup holders- so if you spill even a little liquid on the shifter the MMI shorts out and it costs $1000 to fix. Audi said not their design flaw my fault. 
Like many of you I fell in love with the Q7. I've had it a year here's my issues: electrical system went out (brains of the car), fuel gage failed, 3 tire flat tires within 1 year. Also had the same problem as someone earlier as a very small amount of liquid spilled next to the drink cups. It shorted my system to the tune of $1,000. Love the car and hate the car at the same time.
Well, I really felt the need to read everyone else's reviews after bringing my car in to be serviced too many times! I got it brand new fresh from Germany, and love the way it looks & the way it rides, and of course all the bells & whistles but too many problems have occured! It started with the tire pressure light appearing on all the time, which took many 1 hour trips to be serviced only at Audi. Then, the fuel pump went out, took a few days to repair- parts only come from Germany you know- then a faulty back sunroof that let water in which caused me to drive a Grand Prix for a week...are you kidding me? I paid $65,000 to drive a Grand Prix? Needed new tires already, squeeking brakes,
Bought the top of the line model fully loaded and a year later it has proven to be a piece of junk! Brakes squealing since 5k and Audi is telling us "it is normal and acceptable - just due to the design". Even gave us a fancy printed brochure justifying the squealing! Motor in rear wiper already needed replacement, recall on trunk software, and MMI mysteriously stops working from time to time. Told we will need to replace tires "soon" despite only having 15.8k mi on car and have only owned it one year. Audi has produced a fine looking car but the quality stops there! Do not buy one!
Finally plunked down the cash for a German driving machine. Great handling, solid engine, but what a disappointment on the rest. From a jerky transmission (no trouble found of course)and creaky transmission to a $1200 MMI console from 2 drops of water and a door handle that fell off (these last two I hear happen all the time). Finish is falling off the console, cargo net fell off twice, gas door sticks open. I expect far better for this price car. Who is giving this all those 9.5's? Are their cars still in the dealer lot, or did I get a lemon? 
I bought my Q7 brand new and it is my favorite auto I have ever owned. It is responsive in S when you want to feel speed, it has the perfect size inside and out (not too big and not too small). I love the 4 captain chairs and third row just in case we need them. As a new mom, I love the automatic tailgate and smart key: each door unlocking when near without pulling out the key. The best of all is its sexy lines. It doesn't get better than this!
My Audi Q7 has been the nicest drive for handling, comfort and acceleration! but the electronics have failed since about 3 weeks after I brought it home. When it doesn't work, it doesn't work... no GPS, phone,radio, CD, iPod, nothing. And this was at the same time the steering column got stuck in the down position. While setting my preferred settings I lowered it, it stayed there for a month or so, the service dept fixed it but the rest is a on going mystery!
I absolutely love my Q7. I will warn you though of a major design flaw. If any of you ever drink a liquid while driving, beware. I spilled the smallest amount of coffee and it shorted out part of my electrical system.This little spill will cost you close to $1000. If you notice, the buttons are directly in front of the cupholders. What was Audi thinking? Now when I have my coffee or water, I put a cloth over the control panel! 
After buying a Acura MDX a year ago I traded it for a Q7. Huge upgrade! And basically the same price, no comparison. This was the buying decision I should have made but at the time I was a new SUV driver and the Q7 seemed like a lot of vehicle for me then. I love the Q7, from the interior and exterior foot lights to the powerful but smooth styling. Build quality is exceptional, superb braking and transmission makes for a very safe and smooth ride.
I love to drive my Audi Q7. It handles like a dream on the highway. The Quattro AWD is the best I have driven for the size of vehicle the handling is nimble.
I love the SUV. Audi has done it again. The car is a pleasure to drive. The only problem I had is the air compressor was defective and I could not fill my tire with air when I needed to.
I have two children ages 4 and 11 months. There is enough room for one car seat, a booster seat and still room for an adult on the same row! I owned a minivan before, and although there is a little less room in the Q7 it's not by much. Love the way it drives. MMI is really easy to work. The only bad thing is it gets bad gas mileage. But, you have to remember it is an SUV.
I've been driving mine for about 6 months now and I do love it. It's a lot like driving a loaded A6 (my Q7 is a 4.2 premium). It handles well, accelerates well and is extremely comfortable to drive. The tech bells and whistles offer everything you could need and want. My only complaint with the car is the off-road abilities. Thule doesn't make racks for it and for anyone who is an outdoor enthusiant looking for a more rugged vehicle worthy of hauling bikes, kayaks, etc, you may find yourself a little disappointed. However, some research early on may prove that this is the perfect all around vehicle for you. My wife has a Lexus and i've gone through Land Rovers, BMW X5, Tahoe, etc.
The Audi Q7 3.6 Premium is a beautiful car. I get many people peeking through the windows trying to see the wonderful interior. I also get many compliments on how it looks everytime I go gas it or go to school. I got the Q7 after I traded in my Navigator. I hated how the Navigator drove and looked compared to Q7. The Q7 makes other SUVs look like boxes on wheels. The Q7 drives very easy in tight spaces making it feel smaller than it really is. People may think that the MMI will be hard to operate, but it's not. All the rows have comfortable seats, but the third row is hard to get to. The ride is much smoother than the Navigator and goes over rough surfaces very nicely.
Purchased 3.6 premium. I love this car! Handles and performs like a sports sedan even though this is a big SUV. Fun to drive!
This is by far the best SUV on the planet, save perhaps the VW Toureg which is made at the same factory as the Q7. The Q7 is much larger than the Toureg. The quality and ride are just outstanding and in line with the Audi reliability for building world class vehicles. The interior fit and finish are first class, and if you fold down the third row you have incredible storage space. Of course if you fold down the second row also, the storage space is huge. As far as safety goes, the Q7 comes with all the state-of-the-art safety features. This is in line with the safety committments from both Volkswagen and Audi, both of whom are always in the forefront of automotive safety. 
Got a rare S-Line version with factory 21" wheels that are polished on the face and painted grey on the inside. Car looks very menacing all in lava grey. Handles very well, although not quite as quick as our dearly departed Audi allroad 2.7T. But torque is phenomenal. S-Line 3-point steering wheel mounted shift paddles allow for even smoother gear changes than those possible on my DSG equipped Audi TT 3.2Q.
I think this is the most well built and value packed SUV on the market today. I've looked at many others such as the ML500, X5 4.6, Range Rover Sport and GL450 - none of them compared in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, they all have their strengths, but overall I felt the Audi Q7 was the best fit. For the money what you get in the Q7 is an exceptional value. I have enjoyed the drive and find it hard not to drive. I also have a Lincoln Navigator and an Audi A8L - the A8L used to be on the top of my list to drive but this Q7 edges it out ever so slightly. The Navigator was nice but it lacks that European road feel.
Had a steering column bind, would not adjust. Audi replaced column, works fine now. Mileage is better than I expected, 19.4. Find the cup holders some what clumsy to use. The Bluetooth is great. Had a 2005 Touareg that had front sensors and memory exit seat, miss both of those. Overall well satisfied.
Great build quality, this is a really solid vehicle from the heavy feel of the doors to the look and feel of the interior. This is my 4th Audi in a row but first SUV so I really looked at all the options. I think the Audi offers more class, refinement, and style than the rest of the crowd without any serious flaws. If you are not a snob but insist on German engineering and styling, the Q7 comes highly recommended.
My family has owned Audis ever since I can remember. There has always been at least one in the family when I was growing up. The second car was an assortment over the years and the Audis always outperformed them. I had to get the Q7 after trading in my A6. Acceleration and fuel economy is pretty good considering the vehicle's size and weight. The interior is impeccable. Everything fits together and the materials are high quality. The three panel sunroof is a definite plus, and even though it is tight, the third row can be handy. Dont use it on a regular basis, but when I'm in a pinch, it works out fine. With the third row folded, the trunk is extremely spacious; the power liftgate helps a lot.
I was previously driving a Mercedes R-350 before the Q7 was out, and when it came out I knew I had to drive it on looks alone. I'm a 27 year old father and when I had to drive the R-350, I didn't enjoy it, because it looked like a minivan and it wasn't fun to drive. The Q7 was so much more masculine looking, it drove better, sat more people and most of all it wasn't a minivan.
I am thrilled with this car. Fun to drive, comfortable for 6 adults, able to tow 6500 lbs., and unique among a sea of lookalikes. The 3.6 performs very well with an assertive growl and silky smooth acceleration. Punch it and it will GO!
I've had Audis for years and have always felt secure driving them. I live in a four season climate and have driven in snow and ice storms. This Audi feels very strong to drive and very safe. The "Quattro" system is the best four wheel drive system of any make of automobile in my opinion.
I've been driving an A6 for seven years and wanted to upgrade to an A8, but the price point was more than I wanted to spend, so the Q7 was a great alternative - A8 size and comfort with the A6 price tag. It is very luxurious inside and out and the 4.2 V8 accelerates nicely, though not as quickly as my A6 2.7T. The 3rd row seat is not for anyone over 5'3", but I only plan to use it sparingly and it folds down easily to provide ample storage. My golf clubs can fit sideways (unlike in the A6 or A8). One complaint is the ride is a little stiff and I can feel the bigger bumps in the road. I have 20" wheels, but didn't opt for the adaptive air suspension (darn). 
I've own many different SUVs over the past 12 years from two Fords (Exp), Subaru (B9), Jeeps and even my wife's KIA which was a mistake. The Q7 3.6 premium is fun to drive, responsive but still a SUV (weight). I drove the BMW, Mercedes, and Volvo before I decided on the Q7. The Q7 handles like a heavy sport car as you fill the road a little too much with the 20 inch wheels. The fit and finish is exceptional. A great buy and really fun to drive. Watch your speed, as you may not notice how fast you are going. Options can make the car a little pricey. But you pay for what you get. 
My first Audi and I must say I am very impressed. Now considering adding an S6 or maybe the new S5 to my stable. Driving this 4.2 S-Line makes me feel like a very lucky guy.
Third row! What third row, you mean you can actually get in it. A child could wiggle in. When the 3rd row is up that it, no space left. For the length of this car, where has all the space gone. As for auto trunk lid. I broke it within 10 minutes. Seriously. Yes I know I should have read all the instructions but I don't expect guests and friends to have read the manual to properly operate the auto trunk lid. This is a huge car with all the space used by the front half while we were buying it for the rear half. Our mistake, please don't make the same one.
I have owned about 26 cars in my life and several Audis, but this is by far the most complete package, fun to drive, comfortable, well made, vehicle I ever owned. It is a true pleasure to drive, and it is beautiful, inside and out. Everything is well thought as always on Audis. This the best SUV in this class hands down.
I replaced my 6th GMC Yukon/Denali with this S-Line Q7 and could not be happier. The Q7's build quality is absolutely outstanding and the features are awesome. Vehicle is rock solid on freeway and handles like a much smaller and lighter vehicle. Exhaust note is really fun. My other car (for summer) is a BMW 645 CiC. I'm averaging 15 mpg over 4,000 miles. I can just begin to feel the engine opening up. 
Just leased an Audi Q7 4.2. Added dvd nav, sunroof, technology pkg etc. The Q7 is not only a fun drive but secondly also extremely useful in hauling people and stuff comfortably. No problem in terms of accelerating up hills or moving getting around slower vehicles. Interior is one of the finest I have been in with everything laid out nicely and easily reached. The MMI takes a little bit of getting use to but now I have no problems. Fuel mileage isnt great (13 mpg so far) but I doubt anyonewho bought this vehicle is worried about the cost of filling the tank.
Nothing really to gripe about. Excellent ride, real tight, no rattles. Plenty power and torque. All the bells and whistles. I like it. The styling is growing on me.
I am amazed at how well car seats fit in the 2nd and 3rd row! This car has been great for my family. The day after we purchased this car it snowed a lot. This SUV handles better in the snow than our other 2 cars, being a Toyota Tundra limited 4x4 and a Jeep Grand Cherokee limited alltime 4wheel drive. The seats are comfortable with different adjustable heat levels. Perfect for a family where one person is hot and the other cold, we each have our own temp. controls! An amazing car! Lots of room and it looks nice too! My only complaint is having a cell phone charger plugged in is slightly awkward. It drives like a car and suv combined. I am so impressed!
I had a loaded 2.7 twin turbo allroad for four years. I started tracking the Pike's Peak concept with great anticipation. I ordered my 4.2 Premium S-line with all the options. Loved the allroad, but the Q7 tops it on all accounts. Exhaust note is powerful when revving it up, yet quiet when featherfooting it. MMI is not as difficult as people think it is. The voice driven system works great and is very accurate. The adaptive suspension goes from low and sporty up to tall and beefy. The sound system is impressive and easily fine tuned. Gotta love a sun roof. Especially one that is over 5 feet long and 39 inches wide. When the motorized screen retracts oohs and aahs are common
When you are spending in the range of $55,000 to $65,000 you deserve comfort. I am quite disappointed with the 3rd row. First the 2nd row glide rail is not flush mounted, 2nd getting in to 3rd row is nearly impossible since seat does not retract fully, 3rd there is no room for even feet between two rows. Also no DVD player option.
I have been reading what other people are writing about the Q7 so I thought I would take the time to write one as well. Performance: happens to be really good, it?s a fast car and it sits on the road well. Comfort: I have to say that it has been giving me a really bumpy ride. This weekend I had people in my car and we took a long trip together, and they all complained that it shook them up. Interior design/exterior design: In overall it?s done really well, except for the fact that in the backseat you can?t seat any adults, and when you do put down the seats you get very little room for cargo compared to other SUVs .
I have had my Q for about two weeks. I traded an FX45 for it, which I loved. I wanted something larger, but sexy, alluring, but professional. Audi really did it. I am not saying I am not going to do a few mods (larger tires and rims is all), but it really is a beauty all on its own. I looked at the MDX, VW, another FX, Range Rover Sport, BMW, and Mercedes. I have never felt so much safer and hotter at the same time. A lot of room for my single self and traveling companions. Would make a nice soccer mom look FABULOUS. All the other mommies will be jealous. There is so much room. 
After 6 years driving a Lincoln Navigator, the Q7 was a wonderful change. It handles like a sports car; seats are very comfortable; engine and ride are extremely quiet and smooth; luxury features such as MMI, bluetooth, rear camera, air suspension system, large sunroof and sunscreen, and rear hatch are very useful; and the electronic stability system really works - I felt very safe descending a steep, winding, icy road without having to use the brakes. While the purchase price is high, I feel it is worth it. I actually look for reasons to drive this car. My gas mileage is a bit better than estimated: 21.5/highway, 16 city. I have received many compliments on this car.
I always expect great cars from Audi. But this was the best surprise. It is a fantastic ride. The comfort, handling and power (from a 6 cyl) is outstanding. This is the best vehicle in its class. 
I have had my Q7 for about a month now and I love driving this SUV. I got the showroom model so it comes with 20" wheels and alloy rims. The A/C controls are a bit difficult to figure out at first, but once you get the hang of it you will find its usefulness. We have rear climate control, the Bose sound system, power tailgate, Bluetooth, 3rd row seating, and of course the MMI (navi) among few of the features.
We ordered our S-line Q7 in August... well worth the wait! The driving experience is everything we expected and more. The motor sounds authoritative and has plenty of power. Seating is comfortable with plenty of head room for the tall ones. Third row seat is designated for small passengers on short trips. Once we became familiar with the MMI and other options they were very user friendly and worth the time to learn. We live in a warm climate and had solar tint installed on the sunroof which helps with reflective heat. Learned the battery is under the drivers seat and will need to take to dealer to get battery replaced. Why? (Bummer). Overall great ride and meets our expectations on all fronts.
I bought many SUVs. The Q7 is the best SUV I have driven so far. Great to drive, so comfortable. It is a hybrid of a luxury sedan and an SUV. Even my kids love the comfort of the back seats. Great choice for a family.
Waited two months for it to arrive but it was worth every minute. I agree with most of the other reviews here. The handling is what I am most impressed with. Just does not FEEL like I am driving a large SUV. Steering is precise around residential streets and around the clover leafs at speed. Took my parents out last night. My Mom kept saying "this is so nice!!" My Dad kept saying "I can't get over how smooth the acceleration feels". They are both long term Suburban/Yukon owners. Highway mileage about 21. City about 14. Not great but I knew what I was getting. After a month and a half and 2000 miles of driving, I have yet to see another one on the road. I just love that!!!
The Q7 has met my hyped up expectations. It's a solid ride with premium features you expect from Audi. It has a very thoughtful design, down to the "coming and going" external and internal lighting features. It's also easy to see the road in the Q7 unlike some other large SUVs.
So far I am REALLY happy. This car/SUV is fun and sporty but drives like a luxury sedan. The engine growls but not too loud. I drove the 4.2 (not much more money than a loaded 3.6) and felt the 3.6 was faster, not sure why ,maybe less weight? Better gas mileage too. I also drove the S-line it felt a bit doggie, maybe the suspension or tires? I love the look and feel of the interior and all the bells and whistles especially the keyless entry no more digging in my purse! The MMI takes some getting use to but well worth the time. The only thing I did not like (at first) was the berber carpet so I ordered the all weather mats this made the car look great, now I like the durable berber! 
I got my Q7 3 weeks ago. I used to have BMW X5 and I just could not wait for the next generation due to time restrictions that I had. Q7 is much roomier than X5. Since I have all optional packages, I love to play around. It doesn't ride like SUV but It does not like X5 as well. I am not sure how it will be in snow conditions but I am expecting much better than X5 since Audi has 60/40 split where X5 was more 20/80 split on all wheel drive. So far everything is looking good.
All I can say that the car looks good inside and out. But unfortunately I had the car less than two weeks and 500 miles, car check engine light came on and the car started to choke and transmission started to stall and oil light came on and its been in the shop for 5 days already and the good part is that they don?t have a clue what is going on with the car. 
Perfect handling, - feels like a sports car. 0-60 in just 7s. Car itself doesn't feel like a big car. First when I saw it I thought, - oh my God it is too big, but after test drive I fell in love with it. 
This is one of the best SUVs I have ever driven. During my first test drive I didn't know what to expect but I was shocked. Very comfortable, great handling, nice power (V8) and full of features. You will not be disappointed.
Had to wait 4 months to get this because of the 6 seat configuration and the mfg of the 3.6s but it was well worth the wait. After owning 2 large SUVs (AWD Escalade & 4WD Navigator) neither one can hold a candle to this vehicle. This vehicle handles more like a sports car but on a much larger scale. It will get up and go and the brakes will bring you down in a hurry not to mention a super smooth ride. Adaptive air suspension really makes a difference as well. The interior is very sporty but also luxurious. The premium leather is definite quality. There is nothing about this vehicle that is not first class and I am more than happy with my purchase. The only downfall was the wait time.
I never thought to own an SUV unitl we had a child and we test drove this car. Wow, it feels a lot like my BMW sedan yet has room like an SUV.
Just got a fully loaded Q7. Drives very smoothly. Engine sounds great in sports mode. Super comfortable and beautiful interior. If you're into technology - the MMI is great.
Got the Q7 about 3 months ago, and love it since. Before I was driving the FX35, which was a bit quicker but you can't really compare the quality and features that come with the Audi. As a surfer, I manage to fit a 9'6 longboard inside the car together with my wife and two kids! A great buy with cool looks.
Well, so far the Q7 has met my expectations. The handling is smooth, precise and powerful. Found out that my Q7 has no air conditioner for the two seats in the very back when my two nephews sat there last weekend. Bummer. On our trip to Santa Barbara on Saturday the temperature was well over 90 and the sunshade covering the panorama sun roof was doing little to keep the sun and heat out. My head was baking. Why not a solid sun roof cover to keep the sun and heat out? Went to a window tinting place in Van Nuys, CA to have the entire sunroof and the little sun roof at the very back tinted with a new film that has ceramic in it. Cuts the heat but not dark. Seems effective so far. 
Handles like a sports car, or at least better than my previous Infiniti FX, and the FX is SMALLER. Brakes are powerful. Luxury features are everywhere. Engine sounds sweet and it's powerful. MMI system is very logical and easy to use. I can't wait to take it skiing!
I bought my Audi Q7 to replace my Honda Pilot. I needed the extra towing capacity and I wanted a luxury SUV. The Audi Q7 did not disappoint me. The inside is typical Audi, comfortable, quite and well thoughout. The controls are all first rate and the car's performance and handling are top notch. The mileage is averaging about 16.3 mpg in mixed driving. If you select the sport mode on the transmission, it makes a huge performance difference, but it does hurt your mileage. All in all probably the best SUV on the market today.
I just got the car a few days ago and it was worth the wait! Having three kids and looking for a luxury and sporty SUV with room for friends is challenging. Audi did it! Not only is the handling fantastic but with the air suspension upgrade, the ride is so smooth. The features for the driver and the passngers are fabulous. Although the third row is too small for an adult, its perfect for kids. Having the sun roof in the rear doesn't make you feel confined as in other 3rd row mid size SUVs. 
I am not an SUV guy, I was looking at an A6 or even an A8. This was responsive and more fun to drive. I made my commute less stressful. I do have some guilt about the mileage after driving an A4, but the visibility sitting up higher made up for that, and the handling kept has all you expect in German Sportiness
Simply perfect. However I can't imagine this beast with anything less than a 8 cyl. The mid range torque is a blast in the passing lane.
I road tripped the vehicle from Naples to New Smyrna Beach (250 miles each way) the day after I bought it. It was far and away the best driving SUV I've driven to date and I'd dare say it was just about comparable to my 7 series. I only wish it had keyless start/entry.
The Audi Q7 4.2 is a drivers car. It feels just like an Audi sedan. The power is impressive as well as the fit and finish. Don't expect too much in the way of mileage, but with an SUV what do you expect. The car is heavy but feels really light and nimble. It's exceeded all my expectations. 
Quattro-the most trustable all wheel drive system 350 hp with 325 torque gives an amazing performance. Most important, driving this big SUV feels like driving a sedan, not a truck at all. I love the interior, fit and finish, high quality materials with real wood and stainless steel and the exterior design is bold and elegant. I don't think there is anything better out there.
Great car. It really is a great package, sports car performance with room for 5. Though the rear seats are tight, there fine for my 3 younger children. Great performace, engine, brakes, handling, does all very well. I like the 08 M3 coupe, but it only seats 4, and the 08 M3 sedan looks too much like a plain 3 series. Audi hit a bulls eye with styling for a 4 door car. Bulging wheel flares remind me of a mid 1980's 911 Turbo. Audi builds a great car, and the RS4 is a total package of performance, quality, and style.
It is difficult to find any fault with this extremely well engineered car. Its DRC offers a very compliant ride when desired, but stiffens in the corners for confident handling in aggressive mode. The engine is superb and an aftermarket exhaust system (several are available) actually makes meaningfully more power. Its redline is 8250 rpm and it is a joy to drive with smoothly delivered power across the rpm range. Winter handling with winter tires is exceptional and the car is on rails in hard packed snow. The design is distinctive even compared to current model A4s. Perhaps the only thing that I would change is the seat height, which does not lower sufficiently for me (I am 6').
Coming from an 2005 S4, my 07 RS4 is a completely different beast. Has more power, much better suspension, looks better, feels better, just a better car and yes you pay for it. However, I would like to see more power because people who buy RS4s crave power and 420hp just isn't enough once you get used to it.
 I would have to say that this car is the most practical performance saloon on the market today. The amount of power you get from that 4.2litre V8 is astonishing. The handling far surpasses anything else in this range. Audis of old used to be really nose heavy and the understeer alot, but with this one you really have the confidence to shove it into the bends. I think this car is better than an M3.
This car is just ridiculous! You can carry a family comfortably in it and still will blow ANYONE off the line. I had an S4 before this and it's well worth the investment. The best way to describe this car is an S4 on steroids. I haven't had any problems with this car and didn't have any with my S4 either. Take care of the car and it will take care of you for sure. No one ever needs a car this fast, but why not have it anyway.
This car is all that is "cracked up" to be; they put all their eggs into this automobile. It handles like a scapel and is so quick, that I have never had this kind of thrill. I have had an M3 and a 1997 911 and no car ever has delivered like this one. Worth the money and what you can expect to get in mileage with this kind of power.
I've owned a total of 4 different Audis based on the A4 so far, a 1.8T, a 2.8, an S4 and now an RS4. Clearly, the RS4 is vastly superior to the earlier cars (surprise, surprise). Huge fun to drive, awesome acceleration, outstanding handling & stopping power - at the same time comfortable, fine for everyday driving, it easily seats four people. Still in lust with it after a year or so of owning it... a total sleeper... it doesn't turn heads until you stomp it. Then - it moves.
I have 6000 miles on my RS4 with no vibrations, no oil consumption, and no questions of build quality. The car is just wonderful. Power is smooth and a lot of it there. I am averaging up to 25 MPG hwy @ avg speed of 79 MPH. I want my gas guzzler tax back! The car handles very well for a 4000 lb vehicle. The 60/40 front/rear Quattro bias is great. I have yet to feel front torque steer which I found quite often on my B6 S4. On the street/highway the car is perfect. On the track the DRC with the 400 lb spring rates is inadequate (Esses @ Infineon). The brakes are not meant for track use and the pad wear will be a problem. Replacement pads and rotors are not cheap. 
Having previously owned an LS 400 Lexus, BMW 325 and the S4 2005 model, I find that the Audi RS4 without any doubt it is the most exciting and most comfortable car I've had the pleasure to drive. The interior design is exquisite and the aggressive exterior finishes this car superbly. Then of course there is the V8 4.2 FSI engine which tops it all with that "purfect" sound to go with it. A wee bit on the expensive side but I truly believe one gets what one pays for with this unique car. 
I came out of an S4, and bought the RS4 after an ample test drive. The driving dynamics and engine feel remind me of me 1997 M3 (first of three I owned), which I felt handled better than the 2001 and 2004 models I had. It's still a little nose heavy, but compared to the S4, it's really hardly noticeable, and the braking, engine and lateral stability are outstanding. Its really a wonderful machine, and the all wheel drive in the midwest makes it a near must. If you are an M3 fan, you should really try this car before the next M3, especially if you are in the midwest or northeast. Personally, even though its heavier, I couldn't bring myself to give up the all wheel drive. Try it and see.
Don't judge a book by its cover. This is all race and high performance from the word go. A small innocent looking button on the center console is marked with a green S ... it should come with a warning - "no amateur drivers, professionals only!" This car is for the owner that appreciates and understands performance. 
The best car I ever had, satisfaction for someone that has had the best cars, the mixture of performances in the RS4 make it the best car in its class
I just recently purchased the RS4 and every time that I just look at my car (which is often) I get a silly grin on my face and my heart starts to race. I remember feeling this way when I had my first love. Forget the performance of this car, there's nothing out there in it's class to dispute that. Some of my freinds said to me that I should go with something that stands out like an M3 but since I have had this car I have had several people comment on what an amazing looking car I had. The people that had to inspect the car for my title told me that they where fighting for the honor to test it! Power, comfort, ride, look, and an immaculate finish to everything in this car make the price well worth it
Undoubtedly the best sedan available. The power and handling are awesome. The gas mileage is better than an Audi S4. The silver interior is breathtaking. The voice control, navigation, and MMI are all very much intuitive (have yet to open the manuals with questions on any). Everything is executed with class. It's not an inexpensive car, but it's worth it.
I bought my car about 2 months ago. its been a pleasure to drive it everytime I get a chance. Its fast!, in control! a focal point on the road. You have all kinds of people waving you down begging you to hammer down on it so they can see it (for a few seconds at least) and get to hear it take off. I dont have the shaking of the steering wheel problem but my car has been consuming a lot of oil. Other than that the car is a lot of fun, and for what I get back, it's worth way more than what I paid.The more you push on the gas, the more the engine calls for more. The "S" button is off the hook, it sounds great. 
This is by far the best overall sports car/sedan I've ever owned. The car is incredibly quick, smooth and stable through all gears and under all conditions. I dare say it's even practical, with a huge trunk and ample back seats for kids. Mileage isn't the car's strongest suit, but in context, given this car's uber performance, it's quite good (about 19 mpg under normal driving conditions). Excellent interior and fit and finsish. Audi did it right -- truly a great car.
The RS4 is sweet, its fast, it corners the best, and o' does it like fuel. If you ever owned a S4 you must try the RS4. It is so much better. After 1500 miles I'm sold that this car is well worth the money. However, I have 1 concern. There is a vibration in steering column at 61 - 65 MPH. The Audi engineers need to fix this quickly before it becomes a standard complaint about this most wounderful automobile. Congratulations Audi... you have out done yourselves.
The title sums it all up. This is one great car! You just can't find this level of performance in a four-door, AWD, sports, sedan? Read the glowing automotive press reviews and realize that they are not just hype. The car is really that good. Forget about the competition because this car blows them away.
The moment I turn on the engine... wow. Sounds so solid, I mean solid. Once you press the S button, it sounds even sweeter. Handling is fabulous, acceleration is top notch. Yes is a bit pricy but nothing compares at this moment so you pretty much have no choice.
Yes, it is worth the money. Let's get that out of the way first. The RS4 does everything my STi did, and more. Considering it costs twice as much as a STi/Evo, it had better do more, and it does. Much more comfortable and refined for daily commuting but when you get into the higher revs, it's a beast. The exhaust note is amazing and there is so much torque at all rpms. Well balanced handling and it's so much easier to drive quickly thru the hills. I'm even getting the same fuel economy as I was in the STi at 18mpg - 4 more cylinders, 120 more horsepower, just as fast and no increase in fuel consumption! Brilliant! 
My key concern when transitioning from a B5 500 hp S4 was the performance. Now after owning the car for about 1 month the performance is not my focus. The car is blazing fast. Yet Audi's execution of everything else impressed the hell out of me. The car is so solid, smooth, and easy to drive everyday. I can't say that about my old S4, it was getting tough! The car is much happier at 135 though, really smooth. Like it wants to do 190, it's amazing. I strongly suggest the car to any modified S4 owner, they won't want to go back to turbos. 
I've owned the car for just about 6 weeks, and it's been all fun. There is no other car at this price that combines elite sportcar-level performance, 5-passenger capability, top-notch luxury features, 5-star safety, and all-wheel-drive.
After multiple M3s and Porsches this car's performance and construction astound me. Brakes = surreal. I feel like I just begin to think about stopping and I am there, all without any complaint, squeal, or nose dip. Handling - I pull corners and I'm amazed the car transcends all its weight and stays completely flat through the bends. The stick is the stick I had in my 911, that I was always trying to get in my M3s with trying different short shifter kits. Ergonomics - the way that everything is driver centered reminds me of my old BMWs. Fit and finish, has attention to every detail that I felt was there in Porsche, but is lacking in most other cars. This is a four door car that has world class performance and the fit and finish that it does, I don't think that there is a better buy out there.
Driving is great except for the shaking steering wheel at 61-64 mph. The performance on this is out of the world. It must be more than 420 hp. Also the glove box opens by itself. After driving 386 miles the oil warning light came on and I checked the oil which was 1.5 qts low. So much for quality. Does anyone have quality control? Another RS4 at the dealership has the same vibration problem. That is two out of three that shake. Hope the engineers can figure out how to fix this. It would be bad if all steering wheels shook on this new Audi hotrod. 
This car is pure exhilaration. It is extremely quick, hugs the corners and has a rock-solid build quality. The engine sounds great, too. This is a fantastic every-day car and not too thirsty given its 420 hp engine.
This car is nothing short of perfect. It's incredibly fast, grips the corners and has rock solid build quality. This car is without compromise -- it's a rockin' sports car with an ample back seat and a huge trunk. I'm even getting decent gas mileage. I love this car! 
This is the most outstanding car I've ever driven. I also own a Mercedes SL600 (with a Kleemann power upgrade) and in the morning, I find myself reaching for the S8 keys. This car is a very fast sedan, but what I really love about it (besides the all wheel drive for Wisconsin winters) is that it is so comfortable to drive and that the dash layout is so simple and intuitive. This is the first sedan that I have ever found to be exciting to drive. The paddle shifters are way cool.
I traded my 997 to to get what I perceived to be a peaceful luxury car that delivers a violent, soulful motor on command. I couldn't be happier. No more annoying tire noise competing with the sometimes flatuent, contrived exhaust note. Instead I get full luxury (including double-paned windows and felt lined wheel-wells to ensure tranquility) punctuated by refined violence upon driver demand. I also get an ipod interface and bluetooth. When I miss my 997 I can always take out my 87 911 for a visceral run. And when I really require a jolt my F355 delivers without fail. The S8 is always the car I reach for first... that says a lot.
I bought my S8 because I believed it would be a fun-to-drive, relatively light weight fast sedan. It has ponderous handling, shifts erratically, and is full of insanely complicated, useless electronics. The suspension lowers itself after parking, so that the car has to be parked rear-end-first so the front doesn't hang up on the curb. I tried to give it back the 2nd day I had it, but Audi refused, as S8s are special order. 
I wanted a car that was good in the snow but also had good performance, this fits the bill.
The is such a great car! I bought an S550 4matic for myself, but there just wasn't enough power there for me. I saw the S8 drive by and my son (who is 13, and knows a lot about cars) told me I had to check it out. So we drove right to the Audi dealership, and ordered it. I have since given my wife the S550, and she wants to have my car. I really enjoy this car, and it is powerful, and has the fourwheel drive. We live right outside of Philly, and we do get snow so that four wheel drive is great to have. It you can buy it I would definitely recommend doing so.
The S8 is the German automobile perfected. Flawless engine, superior ride and handling, classic styling and the absolute best interior available at any price point. Compared to the Jaguar XJ8 much more refined. Compared to the BMW 750/760 better in almost every way ergonomically. Also far superior interior. Compared to the Mercedes S550 again the interior is more luxurious and the engine blows the S550 away. 
I decided that maybe Audi had just created the perfect luxury car. After 3k miles I believe they have. It is perfectly silent when you want it to be. Want to be sporty? One or two down shifts and a tap of the right foot and you know you are in the right car. The electronics are well thought out too. Handling stuns. The throttle is not too sensitive. No problem (did they fix it?). Looks? Subjective, yes, but it makes a very discrete statement. I am very happy my S8. And I don't miss my 997 a bit.
I traded in a BMW 645 Cabriolet for the S8 and at the time was worried that I might miss the BMW. After 4 days of driving the S8, I can honestly say that I made the right move. And I moved up in a big way.
I have owned and driven all cars from S500 to Porsche to BMW to Maserati to Ferrari. This is by far the best car I have owned and driven. It is a car which one can drive hard or soft. The full option version is one to go for which is with the Bang and Olufsen stereo - this is a must it really improves a sound quality.
As with the few other owners, I debated the choices. When it came right down to it, making the selection for an S8 was more about uniqueness, performance, comfort and subtlety. What I didn't expect when making the decision, and to my great surprise (since it is almost impossible to test drive them prior to purchase) was: 1) how great it handles, drives and performs, 2) how modern the electronics are (iPod and satellite and telephone integration; systems and suspension control), 3) how comfortable it is AND how much fun it is to drive, and 4) that it keeps getting better. I find the power band perfectly tweaked for a luxury sedan - great performance as an automatic, amazing performance as a manual/ tiptronic. 
It's an awesome car. Had it for about 2 months now and yet every time I turn the engine on I can't help but grin like a 12 year old in a candy store. Having had various luxury cars over the last several years, I can honestly say that I've never seen a more complete package -- it's an absolute joy to drive. Even though it's relatively similar to the A8, it turns heads everywhere! I often sit in heavy traffic and let me tell you, people (especially other drivers) stare. The only problem that some people might have is that it can get quite uncomfortable when you have several pairs of eyes glued to you for extended periods of time while you wait for the lights to change.
Drive this car on Highway 1 from Carmel to San Simeon and you will be hooked for life. Better by far than my SL 500. Handling, acceleration and the paddles - pure fun - truly wow!
My decision was between a Mercedes S550 4 matic sport and the Audi S8. The S550 is nice, but the S8 just felt like something more special. The v10 engine (smooth and quiet at normal speeds, and unbelievably poweful and "baritone" when you want it to be), and the special "S" interior and exterior felt like something a step above the norm. Even the ride (with the std 20 inch rims) is wonderful in comfort mode... unbelievable given the potholes in my part of the country). I average about 15.5 mpg (70% city/30% highway). Not great, but hey, that v10 power/noise has got to come from somewhere. Net, no regrets so far.
This car is truly a joy to drive. I have a Maserati as well as an Aston Martin; however, every morning when I wake up and grap my keys. I find myself continually grabbing the Audi Keys.
Like most other BMW owners that bought their vehicles with RFTs, I too had a less than positive experience. It was a rougher ride than my '02 M3 after 15k miles. I'm ready for my first tire replacements at 30K miles and fortunately took it in for service before buying new tires. Complained about them to the service guy and he finally agreed they weren't getting rave reviews and said, under his breath, that people switching to regular tires noticed a marked improvement in handling, noise and comfort. He also said BMW now sells a "Mobility" kit for non-RFT tires (comes standard with new M's apparently) that is basically a fancy tire repair in a can. Ordering new Michelin's today!
I like the car overall its my 3rd and so far no big problems until the 2007 version. At 14k miles car starts lurching and dies, total electronic failure?? Checked site to see if anyone else had the same incident I will post an update after my tow trip to the dealership
My beautiful alpine white BMW 328XI AWD 4dr.sedan has been in the shop 12 times, first time 6 months after purchase. Major computer problems;computer indicator pops up with visuals not in the handbook. Service @ BMW has had difficulty reprogramming the computer. Poor handling dealing with pot holes. Little things go wrong with the car all the time. Car serviced at a different dealer than purchase. BMW corporate says that the service dept. has been able to fix the problems the car has had, but the vehicle is not reliable and I don't feel safe driving it. Afraid to drive the car long distances for fear of being stranded. This ultimate driving machine is a NIGHTMARE=LEMON!
I leased this car in February 07 and have about 6 months left on a 36 month lease. I have just put on my third set of run flat tires (at 30,000 miles). I wish I had checked the reviews of this problem before I purchased the car. There are thousands of people who swear they will never buy or lease another bmw because of these miserable tires. They are expensive, and ride like a truck.
I had the car less than a month when I hit a pot hole on the Long Beach Freeway popping one tire and bending two rims. The ride is horrible when going over small bumps and it bottoms out on small speed bumps. I had to replace both rear tires at 20,000 miles as they were completely worn through on the inside. The dealer helped with this due to the earlier problem, but the tires should last much longer. There is no window switch in the back seat! The rear seat passengers have to ask the driver to lower or raise the window. The car is beautiful, but I'm glad I'm leasing it because it's going back at the end of the lease!
Now four months into the ownership experience and really happy with this vehicle. Superb power. Drop dead gorgeous looks. Nothing handles better. Bought used and saved big bucks.
The 335i Convertible is a great year round car. Hardtop is splendid, and top down is, well an ideal convertible experience. Performance with the 300HP Twin Turbo is seamless and strong. Nice exhaust note. Would not recommend the Sport Package. Tires are different sized front to rear and terrible runflats (Bridgestones). They were OK until about 7000 miles and then feathered, cupped and droned all the time. Awful experience, dealer and BMW were not helpful. Beware, these tires on Sport Package cannot be rotated and the Run Flats ruined my BMW experience. Never again. Otherwise, car is great, but tires are so important as that is your contact with the road. Shame on BMW for using that tire. 
Very fun, good looking car to drive. The acceleration is amazing and effortless. Very quiet cabin and poised until you're surprised by a bump. This car is very customizable to your preferences. Having the comfort access gives this car an extra lux quality. However, all the technology makes me afraid that it's going to be an expensive car to maintain in the long run. The seatbelt assist arm has acted up a few times already. City gas mileage is horrible, but highway is better than my last car (avg 17/27). At the end, I'm glad I bought this car. The best car I've ever owned by far. 
After actually ordering a car for the first time I was very excited to own the "ultimate driving machine". However it became the ULTIMATE NIGHTMARE. The tapping noise the engine made should never happen on a premium car like this. It became a battle to have BMW admit to it and have it fixed. They are well aware of the problem yet still sell new cars with this defect. My car was damaged at the dealer trying to have this repair done and this was a result of BMW not standing behind their product. These cars are overpriced and overrated.
I picked this car up last week as certified pre-owned and it's the ONLY way to go with BMW! You get the benefits of a new car in terms of warranties for the price of a used car. I got a maintenance plan to cover up to 100,000 miles which is a MUST if you plan on keeping your car and not leasing. The one I got is fully loaded with every possible upgrade and the incredible thing is that I got it all for under $30K out the door! This car brand new with it's options would have easily cost over $50K!!!
I love this car. Wonderful handling with an excellent ride. Power is more than I need. I am getting around 20/21 MPG overall and 28 to 30 on the highway. I have not had it in the snow yet, but with all-wheel drive I am sure it will do fine. I have not had as much pleasure in driving for many years.
Generally, I'm pleased with my 328xi and looking forward to winter in the Colorado mountains. I like the 6 speed manual transmission, although I think the car is slightly underpowered compared to my Audi A4 2.0. I love the convenience locks and the pushbutton start. So far, no mechanical problems, but I think the no flat tires are overly loud on the freeway. All in all, the car sticks to the road like glue and is fun to drive on mountain roads (not so fun in tight parking lots). 
I agree with all the other positive statements. Things I didn't like were 1) the runflats and the fact that the car does not come with a spare or a jack kit. 2) My car was built in 4/2007 and they were still using a fuel pump made by Seimens. Many Seimens fuel pumps have failed and mine is having symptoms of failure (long crank starts 4-5 seconds). BMW has not issued a recall and is handling the issue on a case by case basis. It is assumed that all new cars now have the improved fuel pump made by bosch although BMW won't confirm the date they made the switch. 
Very pleased. Handles very well with a neutral, flat and connected feel to the car. Ergonomics fit me very well and interior is roomy for a compact car. Run flats are acceptable, ride-wise, although once worn, I'll replace with Michelins and put some fix/flat in trunk. Bluetooth works very well. Fantastic leather and interior fit/finish is great but glove box is smallish. For the high price of admission, the standard sound system should be better - okay, but the Logic 7 system shouldn't be an option at this price. Push button start system is, I think, unique. Some may say it's odd or gimmicky. Good power but if you're a power monger pop for the 335.
Very impressed with this car. Handling, engine are excellent. Absolutely no complaints.
I love my new 328i wagon. Plenty of room for two little dog crates even with the back seat up. Get decent MPG, certainly better than my x5 got. Handles wonderfully, rides GREAT, iDrive is fun, GPS is amazing, and I get lots of compliments on the color combo (barbaro red with tan interior). The thing I hate are the run-flat tires! I have my second flat in the 4 months I own the car. Not the car's fault, but I now need to take hours to drive to the dealer, wait for them to sell me another tire. I don't have time for this, not to mention the cost. I want to be able to change/fix the flat and get on with my life.
This is hands down the worst vehicle I have ever owned. Within the first 2 weeks it was in the shop twice for electrical problems. Then when I was driving on the highway, I hit the gas and didn't go anywhere and almost got creamed, twice. Performance is no where near all the hype and it is a very uncomfortable car to drive longer than 2 hours in. The bluetooth feature is garbage and the recieving quality on whom you are calling is very bad. The gas mileage is terrible in city and hwy driving. Overall a terrible car. 
Always wanted a BMW 3-series with 6-speed manual. Fell in love with the 2007 coupe, but way past that now. Underwhelming acceleration and torque below 2700 RPM. Tranny has been big disappointment. Maddening HVAC and radio controls. Poorly shaped and sized storage cubbies. Can't see instrument lights with sunglasses. Under 3K miles had to replace driveshaft. At 4K, weird vibration in clutch pedal. Dealer diagnosed bad throwout bearing and replaced whole clutch. The vibration got worse! Now they tell me it'll "break-in" after 10-15K miles. It's hard to enjoy my "driver's car" when my clutch foot is tingling, and I'm being tortured by diabolically illogical controls and wretched ergonomics.
I never expected to say that my VW Passat had more attention to detail than the car I've waited so long to own, but my BMW falls short in some areas, including: a less impressive dash display; a headrest that tilts too far forward and can't be adjusted; a trip computer stop watch that must be manually reset for each trip (it auto reset on the VW); a manual that must be stored in the trunk (the VW had a compartment for it under the steering wheel); back window controls are situated where I expect the front to be; door lock control is on the dash rather than the driver's door (forces you to get back in the car if you forget to unlock all doors before getting out).
After having my car for only 4 months, the seat belt arm broke. It took 4 visits to the dealership until they finally fixed the problem. When my car was 10 months old, the windshield wiper fluid pump stops working. It took 2 visits and they kept it in the shop for a total of 3 days until the realized there was a huge air bubble. It was very annoying that these little repairs take so many visits and time to be repaired. Every now and then my SOS doesn't work, which causes my bluetooth to malfunction. Other than that, the car drives well and I still like the slick look.
I am very happy with my car. It's fast and fun and zippy, just like I had hoped it would be. I am actually shocked that I haven't gotten a ticket yet (knock on wood). It doesn't feel like I'm going that fast, but before I know it, I'm pushing 90! It was a pleasure driving an hour and a half each way to Palm Springs for a weekend, except for the seats made my back sore. I guess I have gotten used to it, though, because I don't have that problem anymore. I highly recommend this car. It gets a lot of looks, but it's not so flashy that I feel uncomfortable.
I've been an Infiniti driver for the past 5 years, G35 coupe and FX35. Whenever it's time to buy, I've considered BMW but never could get past the sticker shock and brake dust problem. It was all over with one look at the BMW 335i hardtop convertible. Then I made a bigger mistake and test drove it... wow! I had to have it. This is the most awesome ride ever! I get tons of compliments from people and opening/closing the top stops traffic! Definitely a keeper if I can get the technical issues fixed.
335i has exceptional power and handling. It is by far the best it its class. The iPod adapter is worth the extra money.
After an exhaustive (and exhausting!) search my wife and I finally decided to get our first BMW. Having driven a series of 5 Saabs in a row it was a time to move on. We explored BMW, Audi, Infiniti, Lexus, Acura, Volvo, and Cadillac. Based on reviews, prestige/market segment, price, features, and overall driving quality the BMW was a clear winner. Love the car and the engine is amazing. It continues to win me over every time we take it out! Mileage has been better than expected and we are enjoying learning how to use all of the features the car offers.
End of lease was nearing on my Audi A4 3.2 Quattro and I planning to purchase the car. Bored and nothing to do a couple weekends ago, I decided to stop by the closest BMW dealer to check out the 335i. After the test drive, I was instantly sold. Before I pulled the trigger, drove the G35 and the IS 350, but clearly the 335i was the Ultimate Driving Machine. Tons of power available at any speed. Handling is superb and the car is incredibly balanced. Can't say that about the A4. Fit and finish of the car is first rate. Interior is clean and laid out nicely. Great stereo. The sport seats keep you firmly in place. Awesome car to drive. Fast and fun! 
Had a 528i before, thought I would never drive a smaller car, but since the 328 is now bigger, its just perfect. Handles and hugs the road so well. Can't wait to try it in the snow, used to park the 528 when it snowed.
Is there a word greater than great? That is the word I would use. The sound system is the best I have ever heard. The reviews where drivers say they look for excuses to drive this car are true. Believe it when you read it. I love the power, the sound, the illuminated outside lighting when you unlock the car at night. My last car was a Crossfire. I thought is was impressive until I drove this car. I have had it more than a month and know that all of my future cars will be BMW's. I have an automatic and added the sports package. If you are reading this and considering getting a 328i sedan... well... don't walk but run to the local dealership. You won't be sorry. It is worth every penny.
With around 800 miles on my brand new 335i sedan, the fuel pump died. The symptoms were long crank times, power loss/hesitation and extreme vibration. It's been over 10 days and no word on a replacement. Stay away from this first year production if you can. From what I remember this car was fast, fun and super-agile when she was running.
I love my new 328i, BMW just keeps making cars that make me and many others so happy. No wonder editors of enthusiast magazines have to make public announcements explaining they are not on the Bavarian payroll (yes BMW advertises but so do the other manufacturers) when these cars keep winning head-to head comparisons with their competitors. My third 3 series and the most luxurious and comfortable yet, the car has grown with my own girth and obviously it?s not just me enjoying the extra space as I?m seeing more and more on the road. If you enjoy driving and you are looking for a smaller car that just makes you smile when you have to push it harder than normal this is the car for you.
I have driven the car for 3 months put on nearly 3,000 miles and I am having a blast. Outstanding acceleration and handling and all speeds. 
I drove a 2002 BMW 325i and it was a fun car to drive. Just bought the 328i with Premium and Sports PKG. This car is powerful and fun to drive. The car feels solid and the communication with the road is second to none. The engine power and overall excellent driving experience is what you would expect from a BMW. The brakes are solid and make you feel confident your care will stop on a dime. Transmission, engine and every other component work in precise unison. The car still gets a lot of stares when on the road. I'm always looking for any excuse to drive it! The car is pricey in comparison to some of the competition but worth the money.
This is my first BMW and wow, am I impressed. This car is flat out amazing. The best attributes are those characteristicts with the pure driving experience. If you love to drive, then you will love this car. The steering is amazingly precise, the brakes are strong yet smooth, the manual transmission is a joy to operate, the clutch is easy to use and then there's the engine. That twin turbo I-6 alone is reason enough to buy this car. To hear it rev is like pure automotive symphony. I love to rev this engine probably as much as the engine loves to rev. Cannot wait to hit the track one day. It also excels on the freeway - never got uncomfortable during an 11 hour trip. I love it!
I own a BMW 328 convertible 07, in 2 months it been sent to dealer 3 times. First problem was brake warning, second times it has same problem.Third time,both rear power windows broken,have to order parts,and then shift warning problem,parts ordered is in back order.This car is just a piece of junks,it is a waste of money and time.Not only that,it is frustrated too.I feel nervous every time hearing alarm warning sound.My car still sitting at dealer now waiting for parts.I will get rid of this BMW car as soon as possible and never BMW again
This is my first BMW car and now I understand why it is called German engineering. This car has great driving performances. The turns are sharp and the body itself is kept close to the ground. On the freeway it feels very steady and not floating. This car is very low and has a thick side skirt compared to other sedans. The navigation is also very useful but a bit slow, and it has shut down once, then which I had to reboot the car to start it again. Overall, the exterior of the car looks really cute and a bit chubby compared to the coupe which looks slim and sporty. This car is worth the money because of all the features and the driving experience. 
There is a reason why this vehicle has won so many accolades over the years. This is one of the most involving and enjoyable vehicles I have ever driven. It feels like it is on rails the whole time, cornering so effortlessly it almost makes you believe that you are a world class driver. I've really never driven anything that imparts such a safe and stable feeling. The almost 50/50 weight distribution helps, along with a wonderful system of power, suspension and brakes. You can probably find some other car that has a few more toys on it, but you will not find a more involving and beautiful drive. Every time I get in the car it makes me want to take the long way home.
Great vehicle. So much fun to drive! I recommend upgrading to the sport package for the larger wheel size. Makes a big difference in the handling and the looks. The run flat tires do start to make noise after a period of time though. They can be replaced if you complain about it before the car has reached 10,000 miles.
My second 3-series BMW after having the thrill of an '05 Viper (nothing compares to that beast). The 335 is a blast to drive and fun to show off. Why spend 20k extra for the new M3. Will do 0-60 is about 5 seconds with a great engine sound. Great interior quality.
After I saw the show Motorweek that tested the BMW 335, and stated that it went to 0-60 in 5.4 seconds, I went straight to the dealership to trade in my 325xi. I got about every feature on it. I purchased one on the lot in Arctic Metallic with grey leather. It handles like an M3, it's styled as well as the Z8, it's as safe as a Volvo and it is as reliable as a Honda. This is my fourth BMW and definitely not my last!
this is my third BMW 3 series. I truly went with the slogan, "the ultimate driving machine", until now. My 328i is sluggish on pick up. Once going its jerking me into a whip lash. beleive me, this is no fun. maybe too much technology? Once going, its Ok.
After years of reading other people's reviews of their BMWs, I finally broke down and got a 335 sedan. I can honestly say, this is the best car I have ever driven. The acceleration is terrific, and the steering and braking are phenomenal. The interior is gorgeous, the Logic 7 system is great,and the gas mileage is pretty good for a car with this horsepower. Way to go, BMW!
This is my first BMW and I love it. Waited 10 years for it and it was worth it. Handling is great! Love the quite interior. 
Looked at the Acura TL, 07 Camry Sport, Avalon Limited, Jaguar, Volvo S80 and S60. No comparison when talking about cost of ownership and performance. I would opt for the sport package with the 17 inch wheels. I will use this car as a third car so I don't have to take my Yukon XL Denali on errands. --Mom of three.
When I decided to buy a car I wanted something classy, fun to drive (important criteria), and for a lack of a better way to describe it, had a pedigree behind the performance. I looked at all the usuals in the luxury sport sedan class but the BMW 335i left the biggest grin on my face and in the end it was an easy decision for me. BMW. This car feels faster than the factory specs of 300hp/300ftlb and from some reviews, it apparently is. The surprising thing though so far is that this car is quite good on gas although it does require premium. So far city driving has yielded figures of 25-27 mpg. My last hwy trip was 40 mpg and this was with some spirited driving. Highly recommend!
Although the Saab and Audi are great cars too, the BMW is far better in terms of handling, acceleration, styling, and engine sound. 
This car is great! I was considering the IS 250 and this car and finally chose this car because it is much more stable to drive at higher speeds. Overall, this is a great car and worth it for its price.
This is the seventh BMW I have owned, my first one being a 1974 2002. And, it is by far the best one. The build is rock solid, the fit and finish first class, and the performance outstanding. The most attractive feature of this car (aside from its hard top convertible design) is its 3 liter twin turbo engine. With 300 lb ft of torque available all the way from 1500 to above 5000 rpm, this car accelerates like a sling shot. While the driving aspects are first class, the electronics leave something to be desired. The comfort access feature is supposed to allow keyless driving, but the Bluetooth does not work properly unless the key is in the slot.
Without a doubt the best automobile I have ever owned. Surprising highway mileage and outstanding performance in an all wheel drive vehicle. Quality of manufacture is evident in all details.
Pamper yourself with this car, it is worth it! A 2007 BMW 328i convertible is the gift that keeps on giving. It may not be the most practical vehicle choice but it sure has been the most fun! A Mother's Day gift for my wife, the thrill and joy of this open-air baby just keeps on rewarding her as I have never seen her happier. Exceptionally comfortable and luxurious. The 3.0 liter in-line six with 230-hp is adequate. Surprisingly smooth on the road, quiet, and fuel economical. 
Just picked up my 328xi a few days ago, and I look for any excuse to run errands so I can get behind the wheel. I added the sport package, cold weather package, and the iPod adapter, and am pleased with all of my selections. This car handles like a dream - it loves to hug the curves and go fast. Very tight and responsive, and the 6 spd manual is silky-smooth. Fit and finish are great. The metallic paint is flawless.
I had Infiniti G35 before and hesitated getting a BMW because of poor reliability track record of any new BMW models. The car looks beautiful and drives well, so I listened to recommendations and bought the 335 hardtop convertible. In the 2nd week, the hardtop started to slam down when closing and doesn't tighten. I took it back and it's been 4 days and I still don't have my car back. Comfort access features, navigation, and iDrive also have some bugs. While I like the car when it's working right, I don't think it's worth the hassle. It's been the worst experience with any car purchase across the board. 
This car is ridiculous!! I've only had it for 3 and 1/2 weeks and I've already put 2,500 miles on it (including a 1200 mile round trip to Jersey). But this is the fastest car I've ever driven in. From the way it picks up from a dead start with all that torque to the way it handles SHARP turns, and it has a CRAZY mid range punch!!! To attest to the fact it's a fast car, the BMW M5 which is a 500 HP V10 only beat this car in the 1/4 mile by 1/10 of a second! I love this car and could go on forever about it! 
Car handles well, performance is amazing, braking is great. BMW finally got a high end 3 series that really gets up and goes. 
Simply put, for me and should be for you, this is the best convertible in its class. Most fun to drive. Gets all the looks, has plenty of power and handles like a pure sports car. It is stiff, but I expected it. If you want a soft Lexus type of ride this is not for you. I love the ride and feel very confident turning the car at high speeds. If you are looking for a sports convertible and you don't test ride this you are making a mistake. It's great to build the one you want as well. Your options, your colors, but the option packages can put you in the range of of a 5 or 6 series in price.
This car is phenomenal. It has class-leading handling and feel, like no other car. It has an exceptional 6-speed automatic with comfort-shift mode, sport-shift mode, and manu-matic mode using paddle shifters, and "rev matching" available in all modes to boot (who needs a 6 speed manual when this is available?). And the engine... with GOBS of available torque at any RPM, propelling this car from 0-60 in under 5 seconds! BMW underrated the power in this car by a mile (this as way more than 300hp and 300lb-ft torque). I traded in my 2003 BMW 330i for this car, and haven't looked back! Handsome looks without being a police-magnet. I cannot think of a better sports sedan at ANY price!
I was looking for a fun luxury sports sedan and decided to try out the Lexus IS, MB C-Class and the BMW 3 Series. The 335i easily left the biggest grin on my face of the 3 cars I tested and in the end I bought one. All I can say is this car is incredible! Fast, fast, fast yet still behaves like a perfect gentleman. You better keep both hands on the steering wheel as this car gets up to speed VERY quickly and feels faster than the official numbers BMW states. Handles like it's on rails and awesome road feel. Fuel mileage is great for a car with 300hp. City driving so far I'm seeing about 25-27 mpg and hwy easily over 30mpg unless you drive it hard. All around an awesome car!
First BMW and I love it - it is a drivers car - hands on - it's so much fun I don't even want to use cruise control.
In general I would say that I love the car. It handles great in curves and high speeds. I agreed with the other people saying that if BMW keeps doing cars like this, they'll have a customer for life here.
I have had this car for a few months now. We have a lot of fun with this BMW. I love the way it handles and has plenty of power at the upper rpm range, stops on a dime and corners like a dream. Like all BMWs the turning radius allows easier parking. I love the added shoulder room and the roomier back seat. Sport package lowers the car and has bigger tires so you feel the road real well and adds confidence at higher speeds. It has a large enough trunk for most. Very impressed with this model.
This car has it all. Keyless entry with convenient access, push-button start, twin-turbo! One feels the luxury immediately when you sit in the vehicle for the first time. I quickly noted the seats were supportive, the interior/exterior well designed and myriad numbers of buttons that have some important function strategically placed. The next things one notes are twin turbos that propel one from 0 to 60 in around 5 sec. Power is a necessity for me. This car is like owning a 2 year old 5 series in terms of luxury and beauty! I will have to admit some degree of turbo lag. The handling is fantastic to be a real wheel drive. Brakes are stellar.
Excellent car and value. Turned in my 530i and the 335i is a better car, super fast and more fun to drive. 
I previously owned a Chrysler Sebring convertible for ten years. For me to say that this car drives MUCH better would be an understatement. I tested this and the IS 250 and although there is nothing bad about the Lexus, the BMW is just a little better in every way. Exterior look, interior design, and drivability. I am not a 'track' driver and the performance package in my opinion is unnecessary if driving isn't your hobby. The standard suspension and steering is very enjoyable. If you take long trips and have the performance suspension, pray that they just paved the roads. Otherwise you'll feel every bump, dip, and stone on the road. All in all, the BMW is just a great car. Worth every penny!
I just bought my 335i coupe and I can't begin to tell you how good this car is at EVERYTHING it does!! The turbo six pulls like a huge V8, the comfort is fantastic, the build quality without peer, the styling is polarizing, the technology amazing!! I got her fully loaded to experience all the tech BMW has to offer. Previously owned a 2004 E46 330i, but this is a whole different kind of animal. Once you drive this car, it will be extremely hard to consider purchasing anything else. I can't believe its a 3-series, BMW really stepped up to the plate with this one. I am amazed how good it is.
I previously owned the infiniti G35 and more recently the Lexus GS 300. Traded up in May and purchased the new BMW 335i coupe space grey and coral red interior 6 speed. Thank god I did! This car puts a smile on my face every time I get into it. Not only is it gorgeous, I highly recommend the coral red interior, the car simply has it all. BMW really understands the driving experience and no detail goes unnoticed in the coupe. The car is super fast, handles like no other car, and the build quality is awesome. The iDrive, bluetooth and navigation are awesome. Satellite radio is incredible. There are not enough adjectives to describe this car, but I will leave you with one, PERFECT.
Everything about this car is beautiful inside and out, as well as the way it drives. Just a masterpiece. Very classy design and performance that is more than what most people could want. Makes point A to point B a fun experience every time.
I needed a car that had everything. Speed, agility, utility, luxury. It's got it all. The engine has a great sound and it is very calm and quiet at road speed. It is everything I've wanted in a car. BMW has a customer for life as long as they keep making cars like this.
This was my first BMW purchase. I must say, I have never driven a car that was so much FUN to drive! It handles like a dream. The car is absolutely beautiful. I would definitely recommend it. 
I have the sport package with a manual transmission. Love the car. It has a perfect balance of performance and utility. Enough room to carry 4 people and luggage for a long weekend or to do some track days and autocross. Just keep in mind that while it has great power and decent handling, it is not a true sports car. On the track and autocross lighter cars that handle better catch it in corners. Not to say you can't have fun there but it isn't a truly dedicated track machine. The car really shines on long road trips. Quiet and will cruise at super legal speeds all day. Also has enough power to pass in 6th or climbs hills.
I traded in my 2004 325i for the 335i sedan. It has the same, if not better, drive and handling as my 325i. However, the twin turbo engine is amazingly fast with abundant torque right off the line. It is a very exciting drive. I also think the interior materials are a step up from the E46 model (also very nice), with additional amenities such as Bluetooth and satellite radio. Very well done and worth the difference in cost from 328 if you can swing it.
I stare at this car all the time, even in my garage. White, premium, sport, paddles and heated seats. Fast, fast, fast! 130 mph not a problem, don't suggest doing it though. Love the low rumble of the dual exhaust pipes, suspension is tight and xenons are bright. I've always wanted an M3 (still do) but best bang for your dollar.
This car has way more power than we are given in the specifications. I blew away a Porsche Carrera on three seperate runs and I know the torque was the deciding factor. I drive this car everyday and it handles like an everyday car. When the time comes for performance, it never hesitates. This is probably the best car I have ever owned. WHAT A RIDE!
The perfomance is as expected, very good. The reviews in the mags are correct, it is a fast car. High marks for style and perfomance - fuel consumption is what you should expect from a car like this - its a true sports sedan. Get the sports package, well worth it. 
Before purchasing the BMW 328i coupe with the sports package, I had an Audi A4, which is also suppose to have great handling, performance, etc. Hands down - no comparison. I have never had as much fun driving a car as I do with the BMW. Granted, it's pricey, doesn't come with as many features (my 4 yr old audi had way more features and was less expensive), but in terms of performance, man, this car certainly is the ultimate driving machine. Extremely quick on take-off, suspension is phenomenal, and braking is incredible. Not to mention, its styled so elegantly, that you will certainly get looks on the road. Amazing car, by far the most fun I have ever had driving a car. 
I just traded in my 2002 BMW M coupe for this 335i convertible and was a little skeptical about making such a huge change at first. When I first picked up the car I spent the whole day driving it and what a ride! I was completely blown away with the comfort, power, handling, and sheer beauty of this vehicle. The attention to detail is fantastic and I kept finding little things that would shock me with excitement. The engine sound is completely unlike any BMW I've ever driven - and I've driven a lot! It sounds really exotic and has a subtle but aggressive growl that thrills when you put your foot down. I thought I would really miss my M coupe but I honestly haven't thought about it at all!
Fabulous performance and great fun to drive. But the quirky automatic transmission and seat belt server are annoying. Now a persistent fuel pressure problem from either the ECM or the high pressure fuel pump has the car at the shop for over three weeks. I miss my 2002 911 C2. I should have kept it at the end of it's lease. 
This was the best move I have ever made. I went for a SUV to this 328i BMW. This car is amazing hold the road like no other. Gas mileage is the best! Cut my monthly gas bill in half. With the price of gas that is saving me around 150 per month. 
I love the car- handling and power are great. Very quiet.
I traded in a 2003 infinity G35 Coupe..I thought this car exceeded expectations, but the BMW outclassed this car in every field..Yes the sticker price was 6 thousand dollars more but worth every penny.
Having owned BMWs previously, I expected an excellent car; however, the 3 series blew me away with its road feel, handling and poise versus anything else in its class or anywhere near it. Yes, I drove many others and some in this class cost less money, but you get what you pay for and this BMW is head and shoulders better in ride quality, handling, and quietness. 
Test drove the A4, G35, IS 250. Had to buy a golf bag & saw a BMW dealership on the way. Already had a deal on the Lex but was not comfortable w/the back seat space. Pulled in and walked out w/the 328i. Excellent performance. I drive a ridiculous # of miles and feel great with the ride and amenities. Response of engine is excellent, comfort exceptional. The layout of cabin is perfect for those of us who do not need/want to be bombarded by buttons, bells and whistles, you will find all you need w/in arm's length, no clutter. You definitely get to drive this car and not just ride in it. Recom anyone look at this car, it was the last one I looked at and the one I chose, it will make an impression.
Just got the car 3 days ago and man is it awesome. Went to the dealership to get M3 info, walked out with the 335i coupe. Traded my 07 vette for it, and I don't regret it one bit. It's not quite as fast but it drives much better. It handles well, the interior is rich and comfortable with options galore. It's like the current M3 in performance with a smoother, more quiet ride. Perfect for me. The new M3 surely will be my next car, if I can get one in the next 2 yrs. I still need to get used to the iDrive and all the features it comes with. Real time traffic will be useful.
I have had six straight BMWs and haven't owned anything else for 20 some years. My problem is the run flat tires. The vehicle handling was acceptable when I purchased it but has gone steadly down hill. The dealer is resisting doing anything about it but the noise is gotten to be unacceptable. My air pressure sensor has come on twice and after checking the tires the pressure is within acceptable limits. Something wrong here and it's definitely the tires. Don't take a chance on these tires. My experience proves it. Don't accept the run flats.
It's our first German made car and we were thrilled with it. It's the real thing and not going back to Japanese made car again. Comes with sports package and navigation system. 18 inch wheel and run flat tires makes it sportier. Feeling cloud 9 once you are driving it. The acceleration and the brakes are very impressive. It's one of the fastest and the sexiest cars ever made. It's driving me crazy and wish I'm in it 24/7.
The performance and overall handling of my 335i tops everything I've ever owned. The broad torque band gives terrific power at most any speed and the car is incredibly nimble and easy to maneuver whether in town or on the highway. The car inspires confidence in the driver. The fit and finish are superb. 
This is my dream car. My last 3 cars have all been from Mercedes and after owning this just a few hours now I am wondering why I did not jump ship faster. The gearbox is state of the art and shifts are fast and smooth. The car corners flat and little or no hint of body roll on the high speed sweepers even under braking. I bought the car with every option but iDrive because I like the simplicity of the cabin without it. Edmunds shows the 2007 Corvette 0-60 at 5.23 seconds. I am looking forward to the day I meet one at a light. 
Initially I was not a BMW fan, I was a long time MB user. BMW's slogan the ultimate driving machine meant nothing to me. Until I drove one. I've always heard that BMWs drive like nothing else. This is very true, I have never felt more in-tune with a vehicle before. The responsive and agile handling of the car is excellent. As with most german cars fit, finish, and quality is at its best. The car feels so solid and refined. Every component of the car fits together perfectly. Interior is gorgeous and sporty, very driver oriented. Mercedes Benz is unmatched in luxury and refinement. But BMW's driving dynamics are superb. If you want the car to drive yo,u get an MB, yet if you're a driver, only BMW.
This car is lots of fun, acceleration and handling is awesome. However, I had some overheating problem due to a malfunctioning water pump after 4800 miles. The car shut down the engine in the middle of the highway. The dealer replaced the water pump, let hope it not going to happen again
I took ownership on 2/14/07 and you can say it was love at first drive! The handling is the best of any car I have owned or driven.
I was determined to buy an Acura TL or a G35 and did not even consider the 328i. I had been already been driving a 2001 325i and loved it. I ended up test driving all three cars (TL, G35, 328i). The 328i is just head and shoulders more elegant and sporty inside and out. Yes, price is significant, however, that is up to each individual to determine if it was worth it. I love the car. It drives like no other and the sports mode is very fast. Interior space is not bad and the trunk is not bad.
It is a great car if you have a family with kids but still want some adrenaline rush. I had SLK320 before but 335i beats SLK hands down in driving pleasure and comfort. Love the steering wheel paddle shifters makes manual (semi) drive truly a wonderful experience.
Just purchased my 07 335i Sedan. Sports package with automatic tranny. The paddle shifters are too much fun. Reminds me of playing racing games in the arcade only that you crash and die if you mess up with this car. Incredibly fast and excellent handling. The car seems to drive so effortlessly but at incredible speeds. It's a keeper! 
Great car. Tight and powerful. Rides like a race car, yet is very civil if driven easy. Has very good mileage and the fit and finish is excellent. The cabin is well equipped any has many features such as DTS.
This car is so much fun to drive. It's amazingly comfortable equipped with the sport package seats, iDrive is easy to use after a brief learning curve, voice commands are awesome, keyless go is tremendous and the handling and acceleration is superb. Outside of that, I hate the car!
Second BMW (first was 03 325xi), first was wonderful and this is much better. Engine in different league, even handling surprisingly better. Recent ice storms and heavy snow removed any doubts whether AWD again worth mileage penalty. BTW these cars get worse mileage in-town but better highway than EPA ratings, as did 325xi. Run-flats (Contis not Bridgestones) smoother than ratings led me to expect.
I've had this car for about 4 months now, i already have 12000 miles, FUN to drive, AMAAAZING speed, real time information is great. The cup holder is the only annoying thing, otherwise it's the perfect car.
Drove the IS 350, then the 07 G35S. The I drove the 335i, bought the car I test drove. This is our 4th BMW. Unbelievable the power this thing is delivering. Thanks to the steptronic the ride can be cruizy, even docile then go to shockingly fast with the help of the paddle shifters, hence perfect car for my wife and me. Wonderful feel in the corners. Only the G35 came close. Apparently easily tuneable, I?m not sure if I could handle any more. Sports package a must, the 18" rims have a great look and the sports seats create an impeccably snug fit. A quick read of the owner?s manual reveals laundry list of incredible safety and performance features. I am unbelievably happy with my purchase.
My wife and I recently traded in my 2003 C5 Corvette for a 2007 BMW 335i coupe and we have no regrets so far. I was in love with my Corvette and did not want to get rid of it, but with a baby on the way we needed a car with more space. I was never a fan of BMW cars. I always thought they were overpriced and highly over rated until I took one for a test drive. Wow! now I understand what all the hype is about. I've had my car for about a month now and it is simply amazing. The acceleration is actually better than my Corvette. The low-end torque from the turbos makes the car fly off the line and feel quicker than it really is. The handling is great and this car loves to be tossed around corners.
We purchased our US Spec 335i coupe with all available options. I have had it on the autobahn and tested the speed limiter, which is in fact at 155mph. I can run a Porsche 911, at least until they hit the 165 mph mark and keep going (what limiter?), otherwise we would spank the entry level 911. This car is faster than the advertised 0-60 in 5.3. My guess is more like 4.5. I dread the day we take it to the states, but I will save my money for speeding tickets starting now, I guess. This is the most fantastic car I have ever driven! The new upcoming M3 (maybe M5) is next for us! 
Just the right size for the city but plenty of room for extra loads for the weekend house. I love the stelthy look also of the wagon, way under the radar of sportier looking cars. Runs to the home store on weekends with large objects are no problem. The keyless option is an absolute must. Put the key in your pocket and forget it, oh and don't forget the heated seats... This is My first BMW in a long time and I had forgotton just how incredible the steering is however I'm still trying to get used to the very sensitive brakes. My old 2005 Saab 9-3 had much better pedal feel. 
I bought my 328i (Manual+Sports Package) in October 2006 and I'm very happy. It's not a car for snow weather but as soon as the streets are dry, it is so much fun to drive this coupe. 
As this was my first BMW, I was very excited about getting behind the wheel. Until I finally got behind the wheel, then I found out what real excitement is all about. What an amazing vehicle! I love every aspect of it. Its acceleration, turning and braking are all beyond my expectations. I drive into Manhattan everyday and I still get about 25 mpg. The sound system is wonderful and the bluetooth works well with it. It will be hard not to always have a BMW in my garage.
Just picked up my new 328xi a week ago and cannot say enough good things about it. Would have gotten the 335 but it was not available in AWD yet. Engine is great and extremely fast. It came down to the Audi S4, Mercedes E350, Infiniti G35x and Infiniti M35x and by far the BMW drove the best and was the best value. I am leasing it for 24 months but very confident I will be buying it out at the end of the lease.
The funnest, safest and biggest smile any car has given me. Handles turns at ninety that most cars can handle at only fifty. And feels like fifty instead of ninety. The head lights that follow the curves and the cockpit lighting that enhances rather than distracts are absolutely smart and aesthetically pleasing. 
I ordered this car and waited a few months for it. When I finally got it, it began to fall apart immediately. The gas tank had air in it that a man at the gas station released for me in order to fill the tank more than halfway. The heat did not work at all. It was in for service 4 days after I got it, and had to have the radiator replaced. The cupholder broke the first time it was used. The car looks and drives beautifullly, but is not put together with the quality I expected from BMW. 
I love this car inside and out. The only flaws are that the shifter has a slightly long throw (but that can be easily replaced aftermarket), the seat belt pusher is flimsy and weak, and the iDrive is just kind of annoying, but nothing that isn't worth not getting the car. Vishnu's XEDE is also a very welcomed mod, opens up a lot of the car's true power.
This is my first BMW, had I known it was this good, I would have gotten one a long time ago. Test drove many others in its class but this car is head and shoulders above the rest. The others, although very well constructed and outfitted, were like riding on a comfy couch going down the highway, the BMW, you DRIVE. Ride, handling, acceleration all perfectly melded into truly an "Ultimate Driving Machine". This car is almost too much fun to drive. Hopefully it will not be too hazardous to my driving record!
I've owned 4 3-series in 3 different countries. Traded in my '01 330ci which I owned longer than any other because it was so perfect. The 335i coupe is even better looking, even more powerful, even more comfortable. Only niggle is interaction between the turbo charged engine and auto/manual transmission. I drive almost exclusively in manual mode because the shift points don't seem to work for me in regular automatic. Run flat tires are also harsher than the Pilot Sports on my 330ci - BUT the suspension is better, which compensates.
I have had this car for a month now. It's so fun to drive. Say goodbye to sluggish acceleration. With the new automatic transmission and sport package, you'll get an awesome handling during acceleration and during sharp cornering. It's been a joy for me to drive this baby. I can never get tired with it. I was going to buy the 335i, but the salesperson told me that 328i was good enough for California Highway, so I didn't get the 335i. The only downturn is that if you drive your car through local road and traffic all the time, it can only give you 15-17 mpg. Hey, I can't complain. 
I've had many cars in the past including AMG cars and this 3 series is the best combination of performance and comfort by far. It handles like a slot car, pulls like an M3 and is just as comfortable as any car in its class. The interior is top notch and it's plenty roomy for this size car. 
The overall ownership experience is like none before. Ride and drive, styling, feature and functionality, complimentary maintenance, safety rating and resale value add up to the best value ever in 20 years of vehicle ownership. Don't miss this spectacular - in fact, superior rated vehicle.
I just took delivery of the coupe I built two days ago. I have enjoyed learning the iDrive controls, etc. although it can be a little bit frustrating at first. The engine drives and sounds exactly like what I expected from "the Ultimate Driving Machine." I drove in sleet and ice last night, and it felt like I was on a dry road. I am very happy I chose this vehicle over the G35, CLK, and IS 250s that I test drove, it seems that nothing could compare.
I traded in a vette for this car and I don't regret it at all. Best car I've ever owned. No maintenance issues. ONLY CAVEAT-- BUY THE ROAD HAZARD INSURANCE FOR THE RUNFLATS. If you get the sport package (low profile tires) it will pay for itself very quickly . 
I just bought this car yesterday, and as you can guess, I'm writing a review today to tell about how great the car is. The performance on the vehicle is jaw dropping, the exterior styling is perfect and the technology on the vehicle is one the industry leaders. The bluetooth technology and voice command system are among the coolest features of the car. The idrive is a bit complicated, but I feel confident after a bit of use it will become second nature. Did I mention I love the 300 horses under the hood? Highly recommend.
My 6 speed 335i ZSP sedan was purchased used as a CPO. The power's nice, the fairly sharp handling is rewarding (nice to be back in RWD) and the is quite cocooned. Large trunk, decent gas mileage and large backseat make it a good family car (wife and infant son). I look forward to curves. Sadly, the vehicle is extremely heavy, the RFTs are lousy and the interior trim appears to be peeling away on the door handle and steering wheel. It's a fun enough car but I look forward to the day I won't need something so large; I'm anxious for BMW to produce a light RWD coupe/sedan. For the next few years the 335i will suffice.
Fun to drive, however interior and wiring stinks. Driver Side Door cup has peeled twice. Replaced nearly half of the exterior light bulbs on the car. I have the Steptronic Transmission and my car STALLED TWICE at a stop. Car has only 20K miles.
Just bought this car 10 days ago and chose it over a 2006 Corvette LT3 convertible. Styling is conservatively aggressive and should be appealing for a long time. Engine is really strong and I'm enjoying using the paddle shifters. Highest quality interior of any 3 I've ever had and this is my fifth one. More technology in this car than I will ever use, but it's fun to have it. Hard to believe but this car listed for over $60K and I got it for approximately two-thirds of that. My first service experience was pleasant and I'm a big fan of BMW's comprehensive service for the first four years or 50,000 miles. 
Absolutely the best car I have ever owned. Handles as you would expect for a BMW...like a sports car but also with the luxury you would expect from BMW. This car is FAST...very FAST!!! One must be very careful driving because you can get to 100mph in a heartbeat and it only feels like you're doing 40mph. For a 300hp engine, gets great gas mileage at posted highway speeds (65mph) of somewhere around 29-30mpg. Expect 23-24 mpg in combined highway/city driving. After 14000 miles and 16 months of driving, I have had zero issues requiring any maintenance by the dealership. They did change the oil at one year (11K miles) and the wiper blades but the car has needed no other attention.
My first BMW, had owned Mazdaspeed6, Infiniti G20. Very handsome car inside and out, premium materials inside. Loved it - until driving over NJ potholes. On 3 separate occasions, I hit a modest (not gigantic) pothole, and my can of soda went flying out of the holder, hit the ceiling, then fell to the floor spilling on the carpet. Incredibly frustrating, ride is way too stiff! During service at BMW dealer, I mentioned this to the manager. He told me it was a very common complaint with the new generation coupe. This was originally a $46k car, which I got for a steal at $32k with 18k miles. Despite my great deal, I sold the car after 4 months of ownership, I couldn't drive it on NJ roads
At first I was a little skeptical about purchasing a BMW as many reviews including consumer reports stated that the electronics fail often and overall reliability is not as high as other Japanese companies. However when I read about the 335 twin turbo engine I had to take a test drive. My first car was a 2001.5 1.8T Audi with a chip and exhaust. Loved the Audi but once I had 150K miles I sold it and got an Acura. I pledged never to get another non-AWD car again. The Acura was plain boring. Once I drove the 335xi it was obvious that this was a special car. I bought it the same day and traded in my Acura TL. 
Sadly, I had to get rid of my new coupe when I moved to Manhattan. This was my second newly leased 3 Series, and I loved it. The interior just improved on its predecessor, but perhaps the drive of the car was a slightly looser, lower and heavier than my 2003 sedan. But so much fun, I had a 6-speed manual, and just loved pushing this car. The interior defined luxury for me. I understand "editor?s obsessions? with buttons, but the eccentric, simplistic design of this car is one of its best assets. That and rear-wheel drive, and of course, everything always worked.
I'll start w/ what I don't like: the cup holders! Handling is pretty stiff, which I enjoy since I get a sportier drive, but drinks in cup holder go splashing around when I make a sharp turn. Second, there's a blind spot on the driver's side, and no matter how I angle my mirrors or slightly cock my head to check for cars, there have been a few close calls. My car now has a screeching noise driving at 10-35 mph! The service dept. says if they can't hear it, they can't fix it. I love driving the car, but thankfully my lease is almost up because I would be wary about keeping it past its warranty.
Euro delivery was seamless, Munich plates intact 8 weeks later @ stateside pick-up. Super 28 mpg fuel avg. after 1000 K. What's not to like? The accelerator pedal is touchy, however, by "softly rolling" your right foot clockwise against the pedal and the center console, you can "ease" the contact and avoid pinning your passengers and swallowing your dentures. The driver's armrest swoops downward gracefully only to annoy the left knee. This gripe is solved by lowering the driver's seat a bit for the car's beltline is such you don't feel like you are in a well! Truly, the Ultimate Driving Machine. Those bemoaning the BMW cup-size cupholders: Please refrain from chug-a-lugging Mellow Yellow while at the wheel of a 335i. That's too, too RISKY! 
Wife made me trade my GTO in. I was worried about finding a car that had good HP and was 4 doors. Well, wow, I found that car. Car is great. I have driven stick for many years. The automatic with the DS mode is really fun. It took me 3 months to find a car. If you can afford this car buy it.
I have passed 1000 miles on my new 3 series. I am very happy with the manueverability, accuracy and responsiveness of the car to pedal and brake. The seat heating is quite fast making it useful for this season. I loved the 335 too, but it did not have an AWD version. 
I've owned this car (Xenons, Premium & Winter Pkgs) for a month and have been very pleased. The driving dynamics are superb but why repeat what every publication has already said. From the outside the car appears small but from the driver's seat the feel is quite substantial. The car feels as solid as a rock at all speeds. There?s plenty of room up front, I?m 6 ft, 200 lbs and the car fits me with ample room to spare. The front seats (nonsport) are as comfortable & supportive as any I?ve ever sat in. The drivers relationship to all the controls is excellent and outward visibility is great in all directions. The adaptive Xenon headlights are fantastic. The car is quick but not a speed racer.
We replaced our 2004 BMW 330 Ci, 6-speed with the 335i, 6-speed. These two autos have almost nothing in common. Everything that we liked about our '04, has been improved on with the 335i. The 335i handles even better and the acceleration must be experienced to be believed. It reminds me more of a Z4 than a coupe. The mileage isn't as good as our older car but that is to be expected and the trade-off is more than worth it. One more thing, it looks so much sportier, yet classy. They got this one right!
I've had my 328xi for a few weeks now. I've been a loyal X5 driver (3 of them!) over the past 10 years. I decided to get better gas mileage and cheaper car payment, but didn't want to sacrifice BMW ride. I've not been disappointed. The car is fun to drive and handles great. Even though it doesn't have the high sight lines of the SUV, the coupe's big doors actually give you a wider field of view. (I'm tall, so I sit back far from the wheel, so even in the X5, I could see the side posts in my blind spot.) The car is light, so the power of the smaller engine feels stroner than the X5. Sure, there's less room all around -- but with the seats folded down, it carries a nice load. 
This is the most wonderful driving expeirence I have ever had. I have had this car for almost 2 weeks and I just love to drive it. It handles like you would not believe and looks good doing it. My husband brought it as a Christmas gift and had driven it more than me. We are having a ball! Thanks BMW. I think that we will stay in the family.
Rarely in life do I find something that actually exceeds my expectations, which were quite lofty to begin with as this was my mid life, post divorce crisis car I waited for my whole life. I have had problems with the electronics already, namely the speedo which reads WAY too high, some tire monitor and other sensors that mysteriously appear and disappear and an overwhelming heat coming from the foot area. (I had been driving it incredibly hard on some world renowned roads and had to have the air on full on the floor in 50 degree temps to NOT sweat!) BUT.. this car is fantastic. EVERY TIME I get in it I feel great. It is the best driving, quickest car I have ever been in. Period.
Went to Germany to pick up my new 335i, and drove it on the autobahn. The handling was great, 0-60 about 5 sec and the key thing is the steptronic system. Best investment!!
A lot of people have and will talk about the 328/335 coupe's superb driving performance on solid pavement. I certainly concur with that. I want to comment on the 328xi's also superb winter performance. It is hard to believe that a sports sedan can be so much fun and perform so safely in such adverse conditions. It is simply fun to drive, all the time. The only thing that holds it back is the depth of the snow because of the low ground clearance. Otherwise, it tracks through curves solidly in slush and snow, stops on slippery surfaces as well as any car could be expected to and just gives you a feeling of confidence. You don't have to give up a sporty BMW just because of the weather.
Ordered the car and waited and then - oh my, oh my! WOW!! The engine is so smooth. The leather seats are divine. The iDrive system is easy to use, so I don't know why I've read so many complaints. Step on the gas and it goes... as fast as you want, and faster than you realize. The sound system is much nicer than in my previous car. After 20 years, I gave up driving a manual transmission, and I am thrilled. I bought the car just about fully loaded, and I don't have any regrets. This car is a great combination of style, luxury, and power. My husband tried the backseat during our test drive, and said it's roomy. (He's not a small guy either.) We'd do it all again!
Researched for 6 months and waited for 3.5 months for the delivery. Nothing compares to this car for the money! Great combination of power and design. I traded in a G35 sedan and I could die in this car. BMW thought of everything.You will feel like a child at Christmas when you grab the wheel. I now have a dreams of dry pavement, winding country roads, and the sun shinning. Police officers beware! 
I live in a small town in Texas and I was unsure which model to purchase at 48 years old. I settled on the 328xi coupe with 6 speed manual. My dilemmas: 1. Does the 328xi have enough power? Yes, and with the extra safety of the xi it came in handy during last weeks downpour. 2. Will the Sport package with 18s and run flats be rough? Smooth, even on my bumpy road. 3. Will the 6 speed manual be fun or in the way? A blast to drive and the Bluetooth works great for hands free phone. 4. Will the coupe be large enough? I have a 10 year old I take to school and I'm in sales and I have to travel with a few extra bags. I believe that this is the best car for the money with a good size trunk.
I traded my Allroad for this sedan with some trepidation, but the BMW has not disappointed. With the 6-speed manual transmission and sports package, it is a true blast to drive. It's been three months, and so far the car has been flawless in all respects. There's plenty of room in the cabin and, with the optional cold weather package, the rear seats fold down nearly flat, greatly expanding the trunk space. 
I did not like the style initially, but got used to it and saw the advantages and improvements in design as I drove it. Every day I fall in love with it.
This is my first and the last BMW. I had Mercedes cars before (used and couple new ones) and I thought that BMW has a better quality, but this is not the case. I've got my 335i miracle on September 5, 2006 as 2007 model. In two weeks fuel pump went down on a highway road. It took one week to repair. In January 2007 I've got an engine malfunction on the car dashboard. The car dealer reset the light and BMW HQ said too much alcohol in the US gas?? In the same day I've got the light again. Now the car is on my dealer repair shop a second week already and BMW HQ still can?t fix it. One time more of the same light and the car can be classified as lemon!!
I love this car! It handles well, rides smooth, and it certainly looks like a million $$ on the inside and outside. I am extremely happy with the decision to buy this car.
I traded in my 2006 Lexus IS 250 AWD for the 2007 BMW 328i coupe. The driving dynamics between these two vehicles is incomparable. The BMW truly provides a sense of being connected to the road, endless tourqe curve, and responsive power and stabilty. The hum of the inline 6 on the BMW is music to any enthusiasts ears as soon as he/she pushes the ignition button. It begs the question, "Why pay more, considering the sophistication level of the car's overall design, standard equipment level, driving dynamics, and quality of materials?"
Just got my first BMW - '07 335i sedan with auto/prem/sport/cold/paddles/sat. What an exhilarating driving experience! Very responsive; excellent acceleration; awesome exhaust sound; and great handling. Must drive in sport mode. Great curbside appeal. Once you test drive it, you'll want one. Nothing close in its class. Man - what a car!
I have wanted a BMW my entire adult life and I'm thrilled to finally be an owner. Great performance and awesome styling. 
My wife needed a 4 seater to commute in and in a pinch toss the 2 kids in the back. The ride is breath taking. Atheletic powerful fun. Back seat is tight even for a 5 yr old. What made me buy this instead of Lexus IS 350 or 250 was the ride and its EPA rating of 30 on the hwy. I was hoping for at least 25 - No Way! This thing swills the fuel like one of my golf buddies pounding brews at the 19th hole. But did I mention how much fun it is to drive?
This is the best mid-life crisis sport sedan I have ever owned and driven! Got the 335i with Sport/Premium/Cold Weather package after being blown away by media praise of its awesome 0-60 stats and overall performance. Every review about it is true. It handles like a go-kart, and when the speedo approaches 80, the car's stability makes it feel like it's only going 40, with more power to spare, even at 1400 rpm, when I'm lugging it in low gear. While the cupholders seem a bit oddly placed, I love the four doors, heated seats, sound system, manual tranny, and interior roominess. If I take out my driver, I can fit my golf bag in the trunk without dropping the split seats. Can't wait to drive it!
I have had this car for about a month and put 1000 miles on it. By far the best car I have owned. Outruns my 04 545 easily. I used to want a 911, but this thing would easily keep up with the standard 911. Got the red interior and it looks really good with the black wood trim. Fuel economy has been around 20-21. Great sound system. Haven't fully explored the handling yet as I have been breaking it in. A great car.
This is the third BMW 3 series that I have owned. The new turbo engine has more power than any other car that I have driven. More than the 2006 M3!
Highlights: Liquid smooth power delivery/drive train. Handling is not too bone breaking but sporty excellence! Comfort is in spades and it's roomier than all of the competition. Style is beyond compare; I like looking at it more and more every day.
I have had this car for about 3 weeks. I recently turned in an 03 Benz E500 after a 4 year relationship. Shopping for a new Benz, I decided to finally drive the other German sedans. Well I have to say, the fun factor pins this car off the scale. After 5 minutes I was sold. No contest in driveability and ride dynamics. The small BMW gives up a modest amount of power and torque to the Benz, but more than makes up for that in driveability. I find myself looking for an excuse to drive! Never felt that way in the Benz. I could have gone for the 335, but the 328 was plenty for me, in addition to getting a bit more mileage and probably saving me some tickets.
First time BMW owner and I think I am spoiled already. I've had this car now for 3 days and just looking at it make me excited. Everything from how the car handles to the style is amazing!!
This is the first time I have purchased or driven a BMW. I have to say, that this vehicle is by far the best thing I have had in a long time. It handles like nothing I have ever driven. I wanted a car that would excite me from the second I got into it till the time I got out of it. Well, when I drove this, that was it. I have to check everything out, so I went to drive the jaguar, the mercedes, the cadillac cts, the mitsubishi spyder convertible (which by the way, was the vehicle i really wanted till I sat in the bmw.) I couldn't get the feel, the way it handled, the tightness of the car, the smoothness of the ride, etc., out of my mind. I love it!
First impressions: awesome brakes, really quiet inside at hwy speed, torque/HP. If you want a car with power, handing, and comfort, this car is it! Well worth the money! I went up a mountain with easy. I got over 29 mpg on a 180 mile round trip including some stop and go traffic (I did keep it around 70 mph). I get stares from everyone on the road, but the people staring the most are other BMW drivers. I have used the iDrive before and it does take some getting use too, but you will pick it up. I drive a lot at night, so self dimming side mirrors was a must. The 18 inch wheels make it look sweeter, so I recommend the sport pkg. I recommend the Comfort Access (I regret not doing so).
I took delivery at the Spartanburg plant where BMW puts you up for the night, feeds you a great dinner, breakfast and then two hours on their track using their cars, two hours of touring the plant and museum, lunch, then 2 hours of the delivery program. The whole program was so cool, I highly recommend it. It was the greatest experience I've ever had buying a new car. You guys already know how great the car is, take advantage of the delivery program...It's free!!! I've had a 911, Volvo 850 turbo, Suburban, and my last car was a 328i convertible which I kept for the last 9 years. This 335i coupe is the finest vehicle I've driven, and my wife drives a e350 and I'll take the BMW!
Just over 1000 miles so far. This car wants to go without hesitation. Solid, connected to the road. A joy to drive. Almost as much fun to drive as my S2000. 
Tested the IS 350, G35, Acura TL, and nothing comes close. With 4 years and 50k miles of worry free driving you can't beat this! Since BMW stopped making the 4 door M3 I've had to wait for this car to come out and I'm very happy that I did.
This car outperforms 95% of the vehicles sold today. The car has beautiful styling and the interior fit and finish is superb. No need to spend thousands more on a 5 or 7 series BMW because this car has the perfect blend of luxury and performance. 
At the first time I test drove a 335i sedan car at a dealer, it really blew me away in ways I couldn't describe. Since then, I knew I had to have one for myself, so I ended up ordering one w/ premium pkg/sport pkg/split rear seat/auto with paddles. Being a very careful consumer, before the order I test drove similar cars from its competitors,but none really got me excited as much as this while some of them had looked really good on paper. You should give it a try to know what I'm talking about.
We took Europan delivery on our 328i in November; and had great weather so we really had a chance to drive. And, drive we did, a fantastic car, in the mountains, on the highway, in the city and on rural winding roads. The car is intuitive. The car turns heads even among the Porsches, Benzes and Ferraris! There is just nothing to improve. Even fuel economy was better than expected, and at 100 mph I had to roust my wife from her tour book. Hey, look what I am doing! Do yourself a favor and go drive one today.
I went in to get my oil changed on my 06 330i and ended up driving away in a 335... what a difference a year makes. This is our 4th BMW in 2 years and we keep on trading them just because. I used to drive an 87 911 930 and remembered that kick at around 40 mph - well, this is nothing like it. Smooth, powerful, absolutely beautiful. I would highly recommend this car to anyone.
The rave reviews from the auto magazines did not overstate their experience with this car. It is simply one of the best in the world. The car is blindingly fast but also very comfortable as an everyday driver. The broad torque band is amazing, could make you lazy about downshifting. The ride is moderately firm without being harsh, and it is much quieter than the 2005 model that I had. Handling is excellent, characteristic of all BMWs. Without being ostentatious, the styling is aggressive yet refined, a headturner wherever I go. Best car I've ever owned.
I waited 3 months to get this car, but it was the best decision that I ever made. This car is the best. The power it has shocks you. The luxury is amazing, the look of the exterior is stunning... just an amaazin car. Only one con... the price is a little too high for a 3 series, but I love it and its worth every cent.
An awesome car. Very fast and fun to drive! I traded my Volvo S60R AWD for this, it makes the Volvo seem like a bus!
2007 335i is a great car. Twin turbos supply plenty of horses yet good fuel economy. Typical great BMW handling and braking. Interior is well laid out and more room in the back than previous 3 series. Have really enjoyed the car!
I have had this car for two weeks now and absolutely love it. This car is solid, smooth, fast and of extremely high build quality. Handling is so stable and accurate. I have had two previous 3 series and this one blows them away. It?s not a slow car, but it?s not a racer either. Put it in drive sport mode and it feels as fast as my G35 coupe I traded it in for. I do think it could use about 15 to 20 more ft/lbs of torque though. My past experience with BMWs is that they get much faster as they break in. The 2007 model has 15 more HP and ft/lbs torque than the 2006 model.
This is my 3rd BMW, and it is my favorite! The new 230 HP 3.0L has plenty of power. I thought I wanted the 335i for the added power, but once I drove the new 6cyl, I was sold. This was plenty of power for me, and most others I'm sure. My other BMWs were both coupes, so I am quite used to the styling, the back seat is a bit harder to get in and out of compared to my other cars, but not a deal breaker. I do agree, the hokey seat belt stick will be a problem long term.
I thought I would buy the new G35 sedan, but after test driving the 335i, there was no doubt that this was the car for me. Great power, Great design, Many cool bells and whistles, Amazing leather. Though the car is an amazing performer, it needs some refinement with its "adaptive" transmission. I like to drive aggressively, but when the wife and kid are in the car, I try to take it easy. The transmission causes the car to lurch off the line when I try to take it easy.
This is a very awesome car, since I purchased this vehicle, I definitely get a lot of looks from people who haven't recognized the new body style of the coupe and from a lot of car enthusiasts. Previously I drove a 4 cylinder which had plenty of get up, but the increase in horsepower from the inline six as well as the excellent handling gives me more than enough to enjoy my drive. 
This is my second BMW, and remains the ultimate driving machine. The vehicle is response, tight, fun to drive. 
This 335i is my third BMW and includes two prior X-3s. Because it's a BMW I didn't test drive the 335i before it arrived - just ordered it - got in and drove home. BUT WOW!! - will this car accelerate, handle and cause stares wherever I go. It's Sparkling Graphite Metallic with a Cream Beige Dakota Leather interior with Light Poplar Natural Wood interior trim. I added the Premium Pkg, Active Steering (teriffic addition), Metallic Paint, Steptronic Auto. Transmission (a really great six speed that's smooth, very quick and efficient) and finally the Sport Pkg. Between the Premium Pkg. and the Sport Pkg. BMW adds a lot of extras in them so there wasn't any others I wanted. 
Just picked up my new BMW coupe last week, and I love it! The six speed is fun, handling is fabulous and the interior is stunning. I am inventing errands just to go driving. It has exceeded my expectations. My husband loves it too, and he is not a car person. One thing I am surprised by is that it is more refined feeling than my old BMW. I like the new cupholders. I wish dealers were not trying to make these into lame cars for incapable people by stocking them with navigation and automatic transmissions. I had to special order my car 2 months ago to get a manual coupe, sport pkg, in alpine white. Those options, IN A BMW, call for a special order! This is ridiculous, America! 
Besides being one of the more comfortable cars with 300+ hp, the 335 coupe is more fun than any car i have owned yet. This car will sell itself if you can get to the dealership and test drive one. This is my 3rd style BMW and by far this is the biggest jump in style and performance from its previous generation. The only thing I didn't like is you don't have the option to buy the car with normal tires. The only option - run flats, and you can never repair them. Everytime you have even a slow leak with a runflat you have to buy a new one and if you decide to put normal tires on, there's no room for a spare.
Speed and suspension are excellent. Handles like a champ on turns. Not many people know about it right now so it's a sleeper.
This car is completely addictive, from the noise it makes, through the shove-in-the back acceleration to the informative feel of the controls. I did not know that driving could become so entertaining again, and that after a day in the office I would look forward to the process of commuting home. It looks gorgeous too, and is full of smart features (some rather over-thought) but many more useful than one would expect.
I had driven a 330xi for the past 6 years and loved the car. It had excellent acceleration and a great feel. The new 328xi is supposed to have more torque and horsepower but has absolutely no acceleration. The car is slow from standing to 1st and lags from 1st to 2nd. It bucks on me when going up a hill. I can feel the slow shifting in the low gears and when I make a right or left turn from a stopping position, the car haltingly moves. I am shocked at the lack of responsiveness of this car. I don't know whether I have a bad model or whether this car is simply grossly underpowered. 
I'm a 3-series nut. I previously owned a 2001 330ci, then a 2002 M3 Convertible. The 330ci was a bit too slow. The M3 was fast, but too harsh to be comfortable. The new 335i coupe is a perfect combination... it is as fast as (dare I say FASTER than?) the M3, but far more comfortable. It looks and feels incredibly classy, handles extremely well, is the perfect size, is fairly economical (I'm averaging 19 mpg in combined driving), and really isn't all that expensive considering minivans now cost nearly $40k. The 335i is by FAR the best combination of sport, comfort, and beauty. I am shocked at how much I love my new 335i. I also suspect that these cars will hold their values very well.
Just purchased 2007 335 Sedan w/ Spt./Prm./Sat/Auto. Incredible car. Keep in mind that the sedan is the same body style as 2006, only visual difference is the badge and dual exhaust tips. It will absolutely rocket. Have owned an M3, Benz 230K, and BMW 328. This car is equal to a current M3 in my opinion as far as acceleration and handling. There is no other car in this class that can compare with this degree of power, handling, interior and exterior style. Bluetooth is awesome feature. Stereo fabulous. Have kids so must have the sedan. Actually, I like the rear-end on the sedan better than the coupe. Incredible car!
I?ve been in the car business for ten years and have yet to experience a car that delivers on style, comfort, quality and performance as this car does. Bought one for my wife feeling at the time kind of pricey for 3 series but have to admit that this car lives up to all BMW claims.
What a car! I have owned a 325iC, X5, X3, 328i, but I have to say this is the best BMW that I have ever owned. It is just so much fun to drive. Great acceleration, handling around the bends. If you are going to buy the 3 series coupe you have to get the stick, just adds another level of fun to the overall experience. I have been told by my passengers that it is fun even in the passenger seat. The blue tooth works great and sounds great. I love the automatic seat belts. Interior design is just awesome. I have two kids, 14 and 11 and they love the back seat, very comfortable. Haven't had a chance to drive the car in the snow but I am looking forward to that opportunity. Great car.
This car is everything wonderful about a BMW taken to an incredible level. The driving experience alone is a value at this price, and it's wrapped in what is finally a slam dunk iteration of the new Bangle styling. I can find a few ridiculously picky flaws with the interior, but what I can't find is any other car I'd rather have south of a $60K Cayman S. Judging from the stares and attention this car garners I'm not the only one.
First time owner of a BMW. This car is just amazing! The 328xi drives like butter! I picked it up about 5days ago and I have already put almost 600 miles on it. I just can't stop driving it. My car is fully loaded. The only option I did not order was the window shades. All I do is drive. The other nitty-gritty details like wipers coming on when they have to, slowing down when approaching a slow moving car, opening doors without keys, getting directions are all taking care of by the car's huge brain. I can't wait to drive it in the snow.
This is by far the most amazing machine I have ever driven. I came from a 325i which I thought was fun). I did not realize the difference there would be. This is a gentleman's sports car. Can't imagine a 100K car being any more fun that this one.
Having driven 2 new M5s in the last 6 years and a 645i, it is difficult to find the words to describe how powerful and thrilling it is to drive the new 335i Sedan. The engine is a masterpiece running sub-5 0-60 and getting nearly 30 mpg on the freeway! Steering is precise, braking exceptional and suspension tight with a great exhaust note. In addition, the interior is comfortable, seats the best in any 3 series ever and the fit and finish are excellent. Exterior styling could be further distinguished (the only obvious difference bet the 335 and other models are the dual exhausts). The coolest feature may be the real time traffic right on the nav screen either on the map route or in text form
I thought I wanted the 2006 330i sedan and began the process of selection a year and a half ago. After awaiting the 2006 new model I decided that I would wait awhile longer for the coupe to appear. Am I glad I did! Wow it has proven to be worth the wait. I am thrilled with the style, comfort and performance of my Montego Blue Metallic 2007 335ci. My concern was always comfort with the 3-series which is why I didn't accept in in the early 2000 models but this car is so roomy (I am 6 feet tall and 215 pounds). Everything about it is first class. The interior devices are all within reach, the moving parts work well and the comfort is without flaw. What a great product from BMW.
Traded in my 02 530i for this car and have no regrets. It is an absolute blast to drive, it looks fabulous and it is really comfortable. Recommend the sport package.
Great car! A MUST test drive! 95% of the performance of the 2006 BMW M3 at 75% of the price. BMW hit a home run here!
I currently drive a 2003 Audi A4 3.0 quattro. Today I test-drove the 335i coupe with premium and sport pkgs (manual transmission), and this is going to be my next car. The power was incredible, and reminded me of the 97 M3 I used to drive. The brakes were also M3-like. However, the ride was not - it was beautiful: smooth, quiet, firm but not punishing. It was my opinion of perfect balance between performance and comfort. This car is FUN!! I no longer dream of purchasing an S4 or M3.
Having owned an M3 and a 330 coupe I can say that this car is as close to the perfect combination of both as you can get. A comfy every day driver like the 330, with an engine that rivals the outgoing M3.
I just got my car last week and only put 200+ miles on it. Its a joy to ride and the driving experience is so intense you can feel your heart beat faster than usual. I compared it to the Lexus IS 350 which i think is the closest rival. Lexus has a better interior for my taste and both appeal to me exteriorly but the difference is the handling. BMW really hugs the road and you can feel like you really are a part of the car. BMW made me agree that it is the ultimate driving machine. I am a first time BMW owner i hope the reliability is not that bad.
This twin turbo is very quiet yet powerful. Seats are extremely comfy with sport package, and rides very decently for s.p and runflats. Looks killer in black, lots of techno wizardry. Very large trunk, and great cruising range of about 450 miles. Build quality great, reliability unknown long term because of new model status. A lot of car for the money.
This car is simply unreal. The performance, handling and styling of this car are second to none. The power is always there with the driving dynamics to match. BMW has done it again.
Just bought launch car last week.. Love everything about the car. Simply amazing combination of ride, handling, power, racy looks. Always wanted 3 series, but never enough room. I am 6' 6" and the new larger 335i interior fits me perfectly. Lots more performance than Z4, much better ride than M3. Makes my old 540i feel like a Buick :).
Drives very nice, quick and smooth power. A little quiet. Beautiful interior. My first small BMW but it feels larger than it is.
I'm fortunate to be one of the first in the DC Metro area to buy the new 328i. Though I have not yet had a chance to take it out and really enjoy it, initial reaction to everything, including performance, design, and comfort, is positive. Nothing drives like a BMW. And in this case, nothing looks like the 328i. The head-turning quotient is off the charts.
Was looking to trade in my 2003 BMW 525i. Looked at and test drove the BMW M3, 745i, 550i, Acura RL, Infiniti M35/45, Lexus GS450, and Audi S4. I saw the 2007 335i on the lot, test drove it and fell in love. Ended up purchasing a 6 speed manual, metallic space gray with Coral/Black leather interior. 
Very nice car. turns heads everywhere. sleek design. the sport mode is incredible. Very pleasurable experience. much smoother and much more comfortable than the current 4dr 330. FAST.
This car is like all BMWs, hugs the road and plenty of power, the only downfall is the design of the seat belt function which ours needed to be fixed the day after we bought the car! I like the location of the windows in our old 2003 325i better. BMW sold us the car on the wonderful exterior design that makes this car stand out!
Interior is much better then the previouse BMW designs, very solid when driving, good HP and handling, it's something I recommend every family to put their kids in, safe from inside.
I haven't really had a lot of time to drive this vehicle but it is incredible. After test driving this and several competitors, this was the one that stood on top. It just handled like you wanted a car to but felt you were riding in a more expensive vehicle. I highly recommend this car to anyone who loves to drive and wants to enjoy the ride and relax at the same time.
Bought my 335i after begging my wife to drive her 535i for 6 months. I chose the sedan over the coupe because I do have people in the backseat frequently. The car drives like a rocket on wheels. Fast, but also very smooth and refined in most driving situations. It is the only car I have owned in 45 years of driving that excites me every time I start it, even after a year's ownership. An unexpected plus has been the gas mileage. It has consistently delivered 22+MPG city and 30 on highway cruises. It has been extraordinarily reliable with only routine dealer visits all covered under warranty.
Nothing but a headache. It's been to the dealer 4x for the same problem, stalling, stalling, stalling and stalling. Piece of junk - bought it brand new, barely 13K miles. I hope BMW will see this, take your car and give me my money!! It's now scheduled to go another appointment on the same problem, stalling, squeaking, loud thug when backing up, put on manual mode and won't default to 1st gear at full stop. When will BMW take care of the stalling. My confidence on this car is below "zero". Never, never, never will buy another BMW.... unsafe car.
Thankfully, BMW has a 50000 mile all included warranty with their cars. The performance is great. I love the car but there are definitely material issues. 1. Steering wheel peels 2. Turbos rattle and wastegates need to be replaced 3. Door locks fail and have to be replaced 4. Plastic and rubber pieces scratch easily.
Purchased as CPO, was a dealer loaner. Drive is generally good and it looks and feels like a BMW. Performance off the line in regular automatic is poor, but sport or manual mode makes it feel much better. Brakes and cornering are very good, but the trade off is a bit of a rough ride, especially over long distances. Fuel economy is about 23 mpg combined city/highway. Interior features are good and feels spacious, except that radio stack cannot be seen with sunglasses on. We also had a random failure of one of the side mirror covers on the highway, when the plastic part just fell off and was replaced under warranty. If you can get a good deal its a good solid car.
This vehicle work great for me because I used to have a Volvo S40 and a S10 chevy truck and got rid of both for my touring and so far it's being good for my purpose. Good to travel.
The car looks great, top up or down. It?s quiet. You can have a normal conversation even with the top down. It has a comfortable cockpit feel and is fun to drive. My biggest complaint is the Run Flat Tires. My car has the sport package with different size tires on the back. Picking up a small nail at 800 miles, I learned that BMW and Firestone would not repair it, a new tire cost $350 plus and neither had it in stock. The car does not come with a spare or a jack. If you get a flat, pray that you?re close to home because you can only drive 50 miles and then you are stuck, probably for days. I bought a spare wheel and tire. With a second flat at 4000 miles, I put regular tires on.
This is our fourth new BMW in the last three years. There have been several things that have made us glad that our time with this car is coming to an end. It is a stunningly beautiful car, but that hasn't overcome the transmission that doesn't shift properly, or the run flat tires that have to be replaced every 12,000 to 15,000 miles due to excessive noise, or the unexplained occasional electronic gremlins that show up and can't be diagnosed.
Very smooth and powerful engine. Passing on 2 lane roads acceleration 50 to 90mph is quick. Engine torque allows 6th gear acceleraton at highway speeds w/o downshift. Amazing torque for 3Ltr engine. Much better than wife's Acura TL. At high altitude in Colorado I was amazed at ability to use cruise control on I70 over loveland pass at 11000ft elevation. 6spd auto trans ensures engine always in correct torque band. Brakes easily modulated and strong. Handling outstanding. Car goes where you point it. In corners sets up quickly and tracks easily. Able to corner at higher speeds with confidence. During 4000 mi trip in sept 08 averaged 30.2 mpg During trip from AR to SD, UT, CO back to Ark. 
Bought a pretty standard issue '07 328i sedan with heated seats, iPod, and auto... everything else standard. Have owned it for 14 months, haven't had any problems even despite my hesitation in waiting almost 13.8k to get an oil change!! Close to 16k now. Average about 21 mpg with 70% city/30% hwy, and get over 32mpg in pure hwy. Except for the fact that it's a little expensive for what it is, I am thrilled with the driving dynamics, reliability, and quality of the car. If you can afford it, go for it, you won't be disappointed. I didn't get the Sport Package but wish I had - the wheels and seats are awesome!
I wanted to try the BMW and was impressed with the 335i advertised horsepower and torque. But I didn't really notice the turbo lag on the test drive when I bought the car. Now 2 years later I can't wait to turn this vehicle in. It has been back to the dealer 3 times for performance and I am always told this is normal. It is extremely irritating and dangerous. Try to pull out in traffic or try to go when it is your turn at a 4 way stop and you will have a one second delay from the time you hit the gas until it goes. Then it jerks as the traction control goes on and off. I have had the brake sensors replaced and the steering column. Stay away from this car. Poor quality and performance. 
Extremely slow steering for a bmw. It takes so much cranking of the wheel just to make a simple turn, and on top of that the effort is really heavy. And they don't offer active steering in xi models. The bridgestone runflats are joke. A fairly quick stop will make them slide. Starting from a stop is jarring. Press the gas in automatic mode and it will first pause for a while and then buck and jerk while it decides if it should continue in second gear or downshift to first. It goes through coolant and oil pretty quickly. Much faster than scheduled maintenance happens. Oh, and forget about spirited driving without sports package..there is NO seat bolstering whatsoever.
I love the styling and the car proved to be a joy to drive... until I got my software updated. Instead of boost coming on before 2k RPM as advertised, there is now a significant amount of turbo lag. BMW has altered the performance of my car without my permission, possibly to minimize wear and warranty issues with the turbos. Until this problem is resolved, I would NOT recommend a 335. 
My son and I traveled to Europe to get this car via BMW's European delivery program. Fantastic! Driving this car on the autobahns and alpine switchbacks was the experience of a lifetime. The twin-turbo engine is unbelievable -- Incredible power. 30+ mpg on the highway. Superb handling. Two years and 22k miles later I am still in love with this car. The 2009 models have most of the improvements that I would want, except still no M-sport option. I would also be tempted by the super efficient 50 mpg diesels that are best sellers in Europe. 
I bought 335XI with all the options, car has been a blast to drive, however in May 2008 my engine light came on took it to the dealership. Dealership had the car for 3 weeks after replacing both turbos and numerous other parts I got the car back but the mechanic did not know what caused the original failure. I started googling "335Xi twin turbo failures" there is a real problem with these cars overheating into limp mode especially cars that don't have oil coolers installed which mine did not I called BMW of North America 3 different times and got the same response, though I bought the 335XI with all options, since I had 17" instead of 18" wheels I was not eligible for the oil cooler kit
After almost 2 years behind the wheel, I have to say new exterior design is best in its class. Most people will say the best thing about the 335i is the power but I have to add that its brakes are equally as superb. The twin-turbo engine gives 0-60 mph in less than 5 seconds then you realize you are way above the speed limit. Rear seating lacks leg room but any who buys the 3-series coupe for its leg room? I've heard enough complaints out there about the infamous iDrive but who cares if you can simply use your voice to control everything? I don't recommend getting the beige interior as it gets dirty too easily. All in all, this is one fine piece of German engineering. 7 out of 10 overall.
We purchased this beauty and love the car. The only problem we have is that the convertible top is not working like it suppose to. It has been in the shop 4 times since we purchased the vehicle. The first time it was a computer chip where they literally had to take out the back seat. Then it was another computer glitch and now the top when it is closed makes noises. The runflats I am not impressed, the ride is rough when you hit a bump and then the tire light comes on. Other then that we love the car.
I leased my 328xi coupe about 20 months ago. I have not had a single regret. Awesome driving, comfort, power, styling, and not too bad fuel economy for the rewarding performance. I calculated my fuel consumption and it was 22 mpg combined. my commute includes highway and inner city driving and I like to use the SD and M modes a lot too. The more power of the 335 would probably be even more fun, but for a first time BMW owner, I am more than happy. But what I was truly impressed by is the 4-wheel drive on the snow. I live in Ohio and my 328 had no trouble cruising on snow when other "larger" 4X4s were slipping and skidding beside me! Note: get the 4-season tires, not the Performance tires.
The Bridgestone run-flats are a definite fault for my 2007 328i sedan - - noisy, premature wear at 15K miles, overall poor performance. BMW should make buyers aware of the "replacement before $20,000 half-price discount" (why so secretive????); but even more so should get rid of them altogether. Very poor choice for a luxury sedan. BMW should listen to their consumers and ditch the RFTs. This is my third 3 series though the first with RFTs, but will be my last if BMW sticks with the run-flats. Other than this one complaint, I love the car. Considering putting regular radials on it and putting a compact spare/jack in the trunk! 
Bought the car used, with a whopping 600 miles on it. Have had it for 3 months and added 7,000 incredibly fun miles. I have owned 2 jeeps (both soft top), 2 Volvos, 1 Lexus, 1 Benz, 1 Ford and 1 BMW years ago - this is by far the most fun to drive and the only one other than my first Jeep that has garnered great comments from other drivers. Took it in for regular maintenance service early at 7,600 miles as I don't want to wait til recommended 15,000 miles. I expected to pay for this one myself, but dealer took care of it anyway. Great car.
What a disappointment this vehicle has been. I now have 22,000 miles on this car and it had to have the rear differential changed, the seats had to be re-painted, whiplash on take off and various other issues. Can't lemon law this vehicle because it hasn't been in the shop enough. You would think when a large component like the differential going they (BMW) would step up and recognize the actual defect.
Where shall I start? I park my car in the garage and never lock it, one day I went out, opened the passenger door to get something, closed it. The next morning the battery was dead. When you open the passenger door, the headlights don't go back out.... I have had about 4 sets of tires on the front, when you hit a pothole it feels like you were in an accident... Also 1 new set of rims... Engine performance is great. Navigation is a mess... The bluetooth works really well and the AWD system is flawless.
Notwithstanding the following, the 328 Touring is great automobile, but in the hopes that these comments may come to BMW's attention, here are five criticisms: 1) the rear hatch requires some effort to open; 2) the direction signal is overly electronic and can miss the off position; 3) the radio control is based on some old DOS format and is awkward to change from cd to tuner; 4) the car produces a large clunk over potholes; 5) the transmission spends so much time seeking gas savings it's slow to down shift (and the sport mode is way too nervous). These should be all easy to correct. But perhaps most disturbing is that the car's ride is drifting towards that of Lexus and away from BMW.
The look of this vehicle is one of the best. Definitely a head turner. I had a problem with the top; minor issue. I also got a flat tire on those less than par run-flat tires. Luckily I had purchased the warranty so I was reimbursed for the high price tag. Not sure impractical in AZ. All in all great car!!
Looked for a compact car for a couple of years to replace my Lexus ES. Considered the Lexus IS but the interior is too cramped even though it drove well and I loved my old Lexus (have had three) Bought Merc C Class and was disappointed. This is the first BMW I have owned and never really considered one before this model because they just didn't ring any bells. Drove one on the way to buy another updated Merc C class at Xmas and was smitten. The car is great and I am really pleased with it, and very, very surprised at how good it is. The only disappointment (and it's major) is the way the Polish Bridgestone run flat tyres perform and ride. Awful! 
Bought my CPO 328i in April 2008, and the first problem was to already be fixed. Hey, it was small, no big deal. From there, the electrical problems never stopped. After its fifth time in the shop, went to close the door and the whole panel popped off. The problems never stopped until I traded it in for an Audi A4 two months later which made me much happier. The dealer nor BMW corporate would stand behind their product. 2005 was the last of the good years, now they drive like an economy car. They are completely living off their reputation and building lesser quality cars. After four BMWs, I am done!
I have had 2007 335cic for a year now. The hardtop has been repaired once. The engine malfunctioned and was in the service dept for 2 weeks for repair. Seat belt didn't retract and had to be replaced. iDrive freezes up periodically and BMW service dept can't fix it because they couldn't reproduce the same problem. Run flat tires are expensive, short lasting, and don't handle well compare with regular tires. 
My husband wanted a BMW for a long time. I wasn't as convinced what all the fuss was about... but now he can't get behind the wheel. I love my Monaco Blue Coupe! When I put it in sport drive, I just feel exhilaration! Looks very sporty and edgy! Just love it!
I love this car. I wanted a wagon for the extra room, but I wasn't going to compromise handling or fuel economy getting a crossover SUV. I like to test drive cars and have test driven a lot. I was ready to buy another Passat wagon (I loved every 100000 miles I put on my original), but then I test drove a 3 series - it was all over. There was no comparison with any other car that I have driven. Somehow they have combined the handling and comfortable ride like nothing I've ever driven. Good MPG. I took a 600 mile trip through mountains. Driving in the 80 range no cruise got 26. Before the mountains, rolling hills, some towns, cruise set mostly around 65 I got 30, everyday combination 24.
I've had my car 8 months, and done a few 12 hours road trips. Great car to drive, smooth, economical for the performance, fast and responsive. Generally a quiet and comfortable car, though the cabin noise above 100+ mph is a bit high - not sure if that's the tires, or that it's just our highways in the midwest really aren't built to be driven at that speed. Steptronic is nice, but occasional problem jerking when accelerating from a dead stop. Also tested an auto Infiniti G35x but no comparison. 26-27 mpg on highway, average about 19mpg but I drive a lot of start/stop in Chicago, and it's hard not to gun the engine!
All around this has been a great car for the past year. It has averaged 21 MPG with a 65% city 35% freeway driving mix, and that is with some spirited driving on many occassions. On a recent road trip (400 miles) I averaged nearly 30 MPG. So to get that kind of MPG from a car that has 300 HP, 300 lb-feet of torque and can 0-60 in 5.5 seconds is amazing! One complaint has been the runflat tires (Bridgestone Potenzas.) They tramline, ride harsh and don't have the best traction. If I MUST have runflats, the Michelin Pilot Sport ZP would be a better choice. Overall, the car has been nearly flawless and completely reliable. My mirrors have a memory setting problem.
Loved BMW since a little kid, finally got one. Even entry level 328i has plenty of power and sticks to the road like glue. Many people warned me that they don't handle well in snow/ice, but I found it to be better than any car I've ever had (including front wheel drives). I couldn't make it skid when I tried. Glad I didn't go for the "x" option, unnecessary. The car is quality through and through. Wish I had an autobahn to really run it! May do European delivery next time.
I ordered the car 18 months ago with Automatic, Premium Package, Cold Weather Package, Navigation and Parking Assist. It's worth every dime. It looks great, handles like a dream, and has top notch build-quality (very German). Though it is not anywhere near the top in term of horsepower count, power delivery is excellent, making highway passing and merging very easy. Fuel economy is surprisingly good for a car that offers such performance. Unlike many other V6s, real life MPG is pretty close to what is shown on the sticker. The free maintenance program is another nice touch.
I purchased the wagon to accommodate my granddaughter's weekend stuff for getting to my house. Anyway, that's my excuse for buying the 328i wagon. It has been a great road car. It turns corners just a good as the sedan. Looks great and the sunroof is wonderful in place of my droptop I traded. The wagon is a better deal than an SUV for gas mileage and getting around town. More headroom than the sedan in the rear. Great car for older folks vs. the minivan look. Provides extra space in the rear with the split seats for getting back and forth from shopping. 
Fell in love with German engineering with my first VW Golf, then a GTI... then went Japanese with the Acura TSX, which was beautiful, but didn't have the "chutzpah". But none of them compare to my 2007 328xi. Have it in dark green with brown interior and light wood. Have it for 7 mos now. Beautiful. Always wanted a BMW since I was a teen with dreams. The power and the way it handles are like no other I've driven. Drive it into a turn - it reacts with ease. You feel the road, but very comfortable. Don't mind the run flats. I'm thinking next to get the 300 hp, but there really is a lot of power in the 328. Radio's weird, so are cup holders. Big fan, but new A4 coming soon... hmm.
I always wanted a BMW and finally made the purchase. I have the sports package and get about 24 mpg doing a combination of city and highway driving. Probably the biggest treat is being able to quickly merge into commuter traffic. Coming from a Jeep Wrangler, merging into commuter traffic was painful. My BMW is a ton of fun to drive and I am so happy with my purchase.
Wanted a BMW my entire adult life. Purchased a new 2007 328i 4dr and am really enjoying it. I have never considered myself a "car guy" but the power and ride that this vehicle provides is exceptional. While my overall expectations were met (and sometimes exceeded), there are still some opportunities that I believe BMW should address, such as the poorly crafted leatherette seats and the ill-placed cup holders. 
I am a performance driven customer and it's the best performing vehicle I've ever driven. Which is not saying much for a former Integra and Civic Si owner, but I enjoy every minute of every drive, especially spirited driving. I have had the car for a little over a year (9K) and have had an oil sensor glitch and a rear lamp failure, which was covered by the warranty. BMW touts free 4-year maintenance, which says an oil change every 15K, that seems crazy to me, so I recommend servicing the car at least once between the free ones. The AWD felt very stable in the typically mild north VA snowstorms.
This is our second BMW, the first is a 750I. My wife wanted something sporty and the 328i Coupe fits the bill. The design is a work of art, add in the performance and this car is a masterpiece. It feels, looks, and drives great! 
Fell in love with this car from the first online announcement, designed to suit with every available option and upgrade; waited 4 months for delivery! Worth the wait, handles marvelously, turns on a dime, corners on wet pavement effortlessly, incredible front passenger sporty comfort, spunky acceleration (but I do feel some turbo lag).
I have owned this car for 1year and 2 months. All I can say is wow. My 0-60 times are 4.8 seconds. The car handles like no other 4 door. Car handles great in snow and ice. The DTC is out of this world and doesn't let you spin out the car in the snow. 
I bought the car in 5/07. The hardtop has been fixed once. The seatbelt metal clip put a few dents and scratches on the inside of driver's door. Driver seat is uncomfortable despite adjustment. Run flat tires are heavy and don't perform so well. No room for spare tire. iDrive freezes up occasionally and service dept can't duplicate it, and therefore they can't fix it. "Engine malfunction, reduced power" came on at 21000 miles in 10 months, now pending repair. 
I've had this car for about a year and I've had little to complain about. The car is very fun to drive and very comfortable. However, the run flat tires are AWFUL and need to be replaced with regular tires. They make every bump a jarring experience, and make hitting minor potholes feel like you just got hit with a sledgehammer. They also seem to have some deleterious effect on high-speed cornering maneuvers.
I have about 5000 miles on this car. It is a dream to drive, and the ideal practical yet fun to drive sedan. I previously owned a '98 328i and this car is leaps and bounds better in every category. I was a little nervous about opting for automatic transmission this time, but I needn't have worried. With manual, sport, and "D" modes to choose from, and quick shifting, it is exceptionally competent and fun. It doesn't hurt that the massive torque is available at almost any RPM, so acceleration is strong in any gear. The run flat tires are a mixed bag--I like the safety feature but don't care for the harsher ride and potential expense to replace.
One word: wow! This is my first Bimmer. I've owned American muscle cars and turbo-charged imports, but nothing combines drive and performance like this 335i. It has the raw power of my old V8 camero, and sticks to the road like my 300Z - the best of both worlds. Almost all the cars on the lots were auto, and all had the premium package. We ordered ours from the factory in Germany in order to get a 6 speed manual gearbox with all the sport options and very little of the "premium" options (no i-drive, thank goodness). It arrive in 5 weeks. It feels like we got a production M3 right of the box! We have had it for almost 7 months now and its still a thrill. 
I have owned seven BMWs over the last 30 years, beginning with a 1974 2002. This is by far the best vehicle I have ever owned. It performs just as advertized. The engine is incredible. Very smooth, powerful and fast. And the car actually gets 21 mpg around town and 29 on the highway (automatic tranny)! The front seats are comfortable, but the back is a little cramped (although not bad for a convertible). What is really amazing is how quiet the car is when the roof is up. Solid as a hard top. This is truly one of BMW's best creations and I recommend it to anyone who wants a great convertible!
Traded in our beloved 2004 325i wagon, the wife actually cried when we gave it to the dealer, for the 2007 328i which we knew couldn't be as good as our 2004 model. WE WERE WRONG! The '07 is more refined, better handling, faster, and smoother than our old wagon. Only area of concern to me is run flat tires, I much prefer a spare, but have had no issues at all.
You buy, you pay, and you pay some more. But you have a blast while your doing it. Also make the right choice and get the manual. 
This is my second BMW! The 335 is Very FAST, smooth and fun drive. Best veh I have ever owned. Extremely comfortable from the heated seats to the heated cup holder. I love this car and would not buying anything else. My only regret, I should have waited for the M3.
It's like a Pontiac Grand Am/Prix from the front, a Hyundai from the side, and a Honda from the rear. In one word, it's ugly. However, it blows away the last iteration of the xi from every aspect other than appearance. BMW finally returned to the performance and drivability of the E36 chassis. The engine is worth the price, the appearance is a sincere let down. That's why they are releasing the 1 series. It looks just like the E46 chassis models, attractive, but without a rear. Come on guys, make them sexy again.
You will really love this car if you're interested in a car that you want to enjoy driving. I like to drive, even if it's just to the local grocery store or just to work during the week. I have the 335 with the manual transmission and I just love every minute of it. Any 3 series will give you all the driving enjoyment you'll need or at least an understanding of why BMW is so special. The twin turbo 335 in addition to the manual transmission will just add to that experience. The aftermarket is also full of many performance mod's that can easily make this car have between 350 to 400 HP or more. The 300 HP stock rating is definitely under-rated to begin with, so don't compare numbers.
I traded in my 2004 Porsche 911 for this 335xi, needed a car for all the weather as I live in the upper midwest. This car is not a sports car like the porsche but it can hold its own on the road ( I have not taken this car to the track yet). I customed ordered this car with manual and navigation. The overall build quality of this car is excellent. I have driven the car for 6 months and 10,000 miles, no problems so far. The acceleration is there when you need it, can pass 95% care with ease on any road. The four wheel drive is very competent in any weather. Average duel mileage with 70% freeway is about 23 mpg. The iDrive was easy to use and very intuitive. I would highly recommend this car.
Two words: stupid fast. A few bugs from the get-go (difficulty starting, iPod integration) but overall very pleased with the 335. It is more spacious than my 05 330. Fuel economy is not quite what I expect but I can't complain with 300 horses under the hood and expect it will get better as everything gets broken in.
After coming from my previous E46 3-series, the current 3 feels like the best yet. The 335 engine is worth the extra money, hands-down. The power is truly amazing. It's slightly larger than previous 3s, but I suppose BMW is making room in the line-up for the 1-series. Fit and finish are impressive, as always. The car is literally an extension of your body when driving -- extremely intuitive and responsive. Some downsides include reliability (minor issues mainly), run flat tires, slow responsiveness of iDrive and Comfort Access at times, poorly placed window controls (too far away), and quirky voice recognition.
I had always wanted a true convertible and when I read about the new 335 hardtop conv and the tt engine I plunked down my money. I took ED delivery in July and we had a once in a lifetime expereince driving through the Alps and Italy. It is now home and over Thanksgiving it had its first long trip of 1,200m RT. Although it is technically a very sophisticated car, with heaps of electronic gadgetry - I have iDrive - it all works as advertised. I even lowered the top on I-95 in stopped traffic. Needless to say, it is fast and performs very well. And it is quiet cruising at 100 as if it were a coupe. Gas mileage isn't bad either, getting 23 mpg in a mix of suburban and high speed driving.
I have stayed away from BMWs for the last 5 years due to dissatisfaction with local dealerships and overall BMW attitude to customers. I was lured back by the 335's promise of M3 like performance with more pleasant manners as a daily driver, for a lot less money. I was initially a bit disappointed as the car is heavier and less responsive than my old E46 328. I have since replaced the stock suspension with PSS9 coilovers and ditched the RFTs and put wider tires on front. It's a completely different car, and handles like a BMW should. It's hard to beat as an all round car with room for four. Most drivers will be happy with the stock performance, but it can be substantially improved.
A great looking car. It's a blast to drive. Unlimited acceleration. Almost feels like a go cart. Love the ability to unlock the car and start it w/o taking keys out of my pocket. Seats not great for the bigger body as they are heavily bolstered. Don't buy this car if you drive almost exclusively in heavy traffic. When you can't enjoy its potential, it's just another car.
I bought an early 2007 328xi. I have about 17k miles on the car now and it's been a great car. Zero mechanical problems. It has great acceleration for day-to-day driving, and sport mode when you need to merge. Major downsides are (1) gas mileage (20-22 in mixed driving; no where near the EPA estimate), (2) noise from the runflats (the loaner I had for my 1 year service was quieter, which leads me to believe that these tires get louder with age). I also had some paint peeling from the interior driver's side door handle. Apparently almost everyone experiences this. BMW replaced it in an hour, no questions asked. 
Bought the coupe in December and have had a blast. This is my first BMW and it has been a great experience. Careful not to hit anything with the run flats - it will set you back $400.
I landed a new job, I wanted something fun that could turn heads, I chose the perfect car. I got the 335i, grey on red leather. Fast, agile, sleek, what is there not to love? Because I traded in the 10 year-old Mercedes Benz diesel, I would never look at anything else. I get compliments almost every single day because of the lines this car has, I now get parked in front of the restaurant by valet. If you are looking at it, buy it.
Car is stunningly beautiful. Power of the 3.0 liter rivals a V-8. Fuel economy surprised me, 25 in town and 32 on the highway. No negatives after a year of driving. It handles so great on the road. No body sway at all on sharp turns. Handling is a dream.
I've driven this car coast to coast on all kinds of roads, in all kinds of terrain and all kinds of weather. I've been driving over 30 years and this car seems perfect in every way.
I recently traded my Volvo S60 2.5T for the 328i and couldn't be more pleased. This car has great power, excellent handling and an understated luxury that I find very attractive. Over the years I've driven Mercedes, Saab, the Volvo and a couple of high-end Japanese cars. The BMW outperforms them all. The Volvo may be famous for its passive safety features, but the active safety of the BMW is a clear winner. To quote the BMW manual "Everything Under Control." 
Since my purchase, I have had no remorse in my choosing the 335xi - the car is a dream in handling and response. I like having the added safety of all wheel drive on wet pavement. The iDrive was a little difficult to learn at first, but now I can easily (and safely) maneuver and the voice commands also work without problems. The gas mileage between highway and city is averaging about 21 mpg. 
I have never owned a car that turns heads the way this one does. Put the top up or down at a stop light and watch the looks. I have even heard "I gotta get me one of those". This is still a new car and only has a few thousand miles on it so far. To say that it is fun to drive is an understatement. This was a gift for my wife and it was a home run. We have the atlantic blue, a new color with the cream interior... stunning. The only problems I have had so far were self induced, but after reading the manual all were solved. I must have a Wednesday car because the workmanship is outstanding. Unbelieveably quiet with the hard top up. Great car.
Blk/Blk, sport,prem,nav,ipod. This is one of the most fun cars to drive that I've owned. It has amazing torque and sticks to corners without roll. I'm a previous 5 series owner so it feels a little cramped inside. Extremely disappointed with BMW, as the vehicle left me on the expressway with only 480 miles on it and the SOS service was horrible. The vehicle connected well with the call service, however, the AAA srvc provider BMW uses did not pick up my car for 4 hours (and it was 100 degrees in Atl). Complained to BMW NA but they didn't care. Problem was the belts broke and the car lost all power. Gas mileage is good for a 300 hp car, avg 22.5 mpg. Would get 535i next time for space.
My 328xi has the premium, sport, and cold weather packages, and it is also a manual. It's a great car. The run flat tires are hard for Michigan roads, but I've had no problems otherwise. The accelerator pedal (electronic, I suspect) is a bit dead, but the rest of the controls are great. There is no on-the-road performance hit compared to the sedan or coupe. I considered and test drove them all. 
I waited a long time for just the right BMW, AWD 6-speed manual stylish coupe, and couldn't be happier. A perfect daily driver for my needs. Always fun. Superb on two long highway trips so far. Great combination of exhilarating when pushed and serene when cruising. Unbelievable cornering forces generated even with the lowly Conti all-season run-flats. Completely predictable handling always. Firm ride is OK but big bumps cause a resounding whack when suspension bottoms - avoid potholes. Upgrade sound system is worth it - best I have heard. Bluetooth works great. Very little wind noise or buffeting with sunroof and windows open. Beautiful engine. Notchy shifter improving a bit with break-in.
Can?t be too harsh on critique with so much to praise on performance. Low end torque is all I need. With steering that turns like a sticky roller coaster, a warp drive tranny alone in its own universe, and all the speed you need, This thing is really the best. But sacrifice for the privilege. True cost to own is double that of a Mini and you must be able to drop it off at the dealer regularly without a grimace. I have been in for repair a few times and will go back again while trying to remain calm. After owning for 6 months, the inconvenience is now starting to outweigh the fading thrill.
Had problem from day 1 with vibration when releasing clutch in 5th. Dealer replaced tranny/clutch/transfer case, problem still persits. Car was at dealer 28 out of first 51 days. Dealer was very supportive. They paid my first month's lease payment. BMW and dealer came through today and are going to replace the car with a 2008 model. I'm going in to order it tomorrow. Even swap, and lease stays the same. Verdict still out on run flat tires. Happy with the fit and finish and performance.
My previous car was a 2001 AUDI A6 4.2 pearl color. I loved it and thought there was no match. I was wrong. The BMW 335xi is a great car with plenty of power and looks. I settled for a Titanium Silver with all of the trimmings. (Premium, Sport, etc.) Good MPG 26-27 highway will be saving me a little cash too. For those shopping, don't short change yourself, be sure to get the premium package at minimum, you'll want to sleep in your car. 
I just purchase my first BMW (2007 550i) I test drove the 528 and did not like the lack of power. The 550i is a BEAST and is a dream to drive, I can't stay home, I take the longest way home and the acceleration is orgasmic. I will never drive another car other than a BMW. Worth every penny. Not sure what my gas mileage will be yet, but so far not bad for a V8 engine. 
Wow - what fun to drive. I wish I had the extra power of the 550 or the 535, but this car has it when you need it. I like to drive it in Drive Sport as it really hugs the road, and gives me the extra boost of speed. 
Bought my Certified Pre-Owned with 18K miles. Mileage is only mentioned a few times in the reviews, so I thought I would confirm the reports of excellent mileage ... I'm getting 24.5 to 25.5 around the Wash DC beltway, about 70/30 highway/streets. I'm looking forward to a road trip to confirm the high highway reports. The comfort of the seats is also amazing. 
Best car I have ever owned and truly a pleasure to drive. I commute 100 round trip daily and I look forward to driving this car even after 3 years and 55k miles. Corners like a dream, gets up and goes fast enough but keeps you out of trouble. I have every option available except the night vision and active cruise control. You must have the sports package as the looks and performance can't be matched. Bought this car new with only 3 miles on it.
This is really a great car. It has so many features - even after having it for a couple of months, I'm still finding new features all the time. I just found that there are 2 compartments in the arm-rest. I've been told the lower compartment is to keep drinks cool. This car drives great, is very comfortable and smooth, and with all it's function, it looks great too. I've driven a 3 series before but with 2 kids and car seats, the 5 series is definitely the right size.
Just got a CPO with 28K miles. Drives like a dream. I opted for the sport pkg with no regrets. The only glaring disappointment was the Logic 7 Sound system which leaves a lot to be desired. My Civic SI factory upgrade system was better! For a lux car that retails for 60k new the Logics 7 system should rival Acura but falls far short on fidelity plus a boomy bass. Too bad for such a quiet car. 
There is much to like about this car. Performance, styling, and reliability. It also seems to maintain value. There are some frustrating features on the car - the iDrive takes some getting used to. Something that should be simple, like tuning the radio, switching from CD to radio, even the climate control, has been (in my opinion) over-engineered. Often multiple steps are required to perform a function that could be more easily done with the turn of a knob. The sun roof is very noisy (after the sale, the rep. said all 5-Series have excessive wind noise when closed). I usually just keep the interior cover closed to avoid the noise. Interior cabin storage is non-existent, but the trunk is large.
I purchased my 2007 530i new 2 years ago; I traded my 2004 530i in when I reached 45K miles. I have not been disappointed with either of these cars! The handling, comfort and power are great. I test drove a 2004 525 when I was first looking because the dealer had one with the Sport Package but I chose the larger engine and didn't regret my choice. The 50K no charge warranty is great but honestly, the dealer makes things up so they can fix my car, e.g., change the wiper blades, etc; I have not had any real issues with my cars.
Just bought this car about two weeks ago and I love it. Just a beautiful car. Drove Hondas and Toyotas before and no comparison. I can see why people stay with BMW. The car just feels well put together. It feels solid on the road. I got the sport package and I like the wheels and seats that come with it. Great handling and acceleration although there is a little lag when you punch it which probably wouldn't be an issue with the V8. Fuel economy, however, is very good for this type of car.
I purchased this car last year, so far it has only been back to the dealer for the free maintenance. I live in snowy Canada so a car that handles well in snowy weather is important, this car was absolutely exceptional last year. Performance, balance and handling are superb. The xi add on is well worth it. Last winter was a very heavy snowfall winter and I drove the car without snows, it drove like it was on rails, some of the roads were unplowed, slippery, and the car handled it without a problem, it gives you a great feeling of safety and it has not let me down yet. 
Being military overseas in Germany I was able to purchase our New 5 series at well below what the U.S dealers ask. My wife and I saved thousands and were able to get the 525xi with all the "toys" and luxury items we wanted and deserved. This car is awesome! The mileage this weekend touring Germany got us 30.9 MPG.
I have owned 5 other BMWs including a 7 series. This is the best one I have had from an all around driving experience. The 6 cylinder has outstanding acceleration, not much different from the 550 I test drove. Gas economy is amazing for this kind of car. Handling is fantastic and overall ride is close to perfect. I convinced my 82 year old dad to buy one and he now feels the same way
When you drive this BMW, you know that a great deal of effort went into every facet of the automobile. The way each sound the reaches your ears and the car reacts to bumps and especially the way it drives down the road. I've had this car for about 18 months and 16,000 miles. Each mile is a pleasure, and every drive is too short. X-drive is great in snow and rain, i-drive is still revealing new functions but works well for me, but the standard radio is just ok. Standard seats are comfortable for hours on end. Highway driving is smooth and quiet, very easy to cruise at high speeds. I've leased this car and really do not want to ever give it back. Just do it, you only live once.
Definitely the best vehicle I have ever owned. I used to drive Hondas and Toyotas but owning a 5 series really opened my eyes to the reasons that make so many people want to keep buying these even with a hefty price tag. 
Outstanding vehicle. Fun to drive and great fuel mileage. Only gripes are the cup holder and ability to see front and back of the car in tight areas. Kudos BMW! 
This car is unique and I cannot describe how you feel when you drive it. You must own one and drive it on a regular basis to understand. 
Sadly our first BMW only went 20K before being involved in a driver's front end collision last week. Damage was so severe the car was totaled. It did its job however as the front, door and side curtain air bags all deployed and kept the wife protected with no major issues. BMW Assist was calling the car within seconds of the accident as well as calling the police. Overall it was a well built car and we had no major problems with it. The brake issue I mentioned in my previous posting never returned. We are now looking at an 08 528i or 535i with the turbo. The 07 held its value fairly well. In the 18 months we owned the car the value dropped 28% 
This is the best car I have owned. The car is very comfortable. Good space. Runs very smooth. Quick acceleration. Good quality materials. I would recommend this car to anyone. It's worth it in the long run. I actually like the iDrive. I haven't had any problems getting it to work. This car is hot!
This is the first BMW that I've owned. My most recent cars were Jaguar and Infinity. Overall, I am pleased with my choice. The styling and handling are excellent. 
Bought my first BMW (530i w/Sport Package and navigation) one month ago to get style plus sporty performance. Had driven Nissan Maximas for prior 12+ years. This car has delivered as I'm inventing reasons to take the long way home. Went on a 300+ mile trip and it was extremely comfortable. Interior build quality, mechanical and electronic performance is very solid. The sport package with 18" low profile tires is a must as it really sets off the look and you get added handling. 
Overall the car is great. This was our first BMW. Nice looks, nice interior comforts. Very nice leather. My only complaint so far is with the brakes. An annoying squeak develops when the front brakes get the slightest amount of dust on them. I did not expect this from a $50K car. Also, when I have the steering wheel and seat in a position I like, I cannot see the upper portion of the speedometer We are happy with the car. The ride is amazing. At high speeds in the rain it handles very well. Recently got a road force balance on the tires and that made the ride much better We purchased the car in black. I would not own another in black. Hard to keep clean.
Probably the finest car I have ever owned. Fun to drive, great engineering and outstanding performance. Highly recommend to anyone.
Over the years I've owned many BMW products; 7s, 5s, X5s, 2002 and on and on. None of them can match this particular car; it is truly incredible. At first I was not sure about the "Bangle" styling but I have to admit that as the car has aged it has really grown on me and I now love the styling. It will run with a Porsche 911 without problem, and on a cruise from Florida to Michigan it was superb. The car is almost a year old and has never had a single problem nor been back to the dealership. To quote Lee Iacocca "if you can find a better car buy it!"
I bought this car after owning other luxury cars. It outranks the others by far. The handling and solid ride speaks volumes. The downside is it is so smooth on the open road, you have to watch the speed - it is moving faster than it feels. Quality and handling along with style. One small issue is that the cup holder needs to be re-designed, it's not in a good place. I am totally sold, all my cars in the future will be BMW. 
I'm a long term Audi owner (have had six), who decided to look around when they dropped the free maintenance. I test drove the new Audi A6 wagon and the BMW 530xiT. The BMW did just about everything better than the Audi and the monthly lease rate was better. The choice was a no-brainer! The 530xiT ride and handling are first rate, as is the build quality. The engine is exceptionaly smooth but could use a bit more low end torque. Winter performance, especially with snow tires, is exceptional. The iDrive is not as scary as expected but could be better. I like my BMW so much that we replaced my wife's Audi with a BMW 530xiT too! 
This is my 9th BMW and I am pleased that BMWs have not lost their edge. Great handling, adequate power (I miss the torque from the MB E500 I had), very good build quality. The car is a roomy 4 door sports car. The 255 BHP 6 is good but torque is a little low and you tend to be aware that the 6 speed auto is being used rather a lot. I get a little hesitation when I make a sudden demand for acceleration which can be a little disconcerting. Sports package worth the money for the contour seats alone. They are the most comfortable seats in the business. Fuel economy is excellent. Superb car worthy of the BMW name. Just annoyed that BMW introduced the 300 BHP engine just after I purchased my car.
One of best purchase experiences of many cars over 40 years of driving. Car has its problems, mostly electrical. Especially iDrive is a bad idea. Poor execution. Driver's seat adjusts forward and up on its own. Screen display blanks, iDrive inoperable, no GPS, no radio, no access to system functions or warnings. Reprogrammed multiple times, reverts to same problems in short time. Electronic key replaced 3 times in attempts to cure Comfort Access issue. Nothing.
My 2007 530xi is the most beautiful car I have ever owned, the fit and finish is excellent, the interior is clean, roomy and above all it's comfortable. The nav system is great, logic 7 sound system is crisp and clear, auto trans is very smooth. Car is loaded with just about everything. Can no longer see myself ever driving any other car ever again.
Its been over 12 years since my last bimmer. There's lots of new technology, but most importantly the fun-to-drive factor is still there. Adequate power from the 215hp, very comfortable ride, solid feeling car. Only two disappointments are the Nav and interior storage. Severely outdated and lacking basic function of search-by-name. Who decided to leave this out? Interior storage is minimal. Space in center armrest is laughable. Those gripes aside this is a great car.
After driving everything in the luxury sedan market in the $45-65K range this car won me over. Unlike the Lexus GS 350, this car has a real trunk, way more fun to drive than anything in its price range. The hushed cabin at high speed puts Lexus and Infinti to shame combined with incredible handling. Don't pass up the chance to try one of these cars. Thumbs way up!
This car is a dream come true. Living in New England, I was starting to accept the idea that I would have to drive an SUV. This car saved me! I love driving it, and for the first time ever, I can't wait for the next snow storm! I was considering the Lexus 350 AWD... NO COMPARISON! If you drive this car, you will fall in love. Period.
After 16 years of owning BMWs, bought an 03 MB SL500, drove it for 2 months, traded it in for my 2007 550i. No comparison, yes different car, but the 550i truly outperformed in all areas. Let's start with peace of mind with BMW's bumper to bumper warranty, smooth transmission, more than ample power (367 hp!!), luxurious interior & amenities, iDrive is not bad once you get use to it, bluetooth, nav display is wide & split screen for other features, tons of improvement from prior models, too much to list, running out of space. It's the "Ultimate Driving Machine" and nothing in its class compares!
I leased a 530, when the 335 felt surprisingly small. The ride of the car is great, and the quality of materials used in the cabin are great. I really wanted the hi-fi audio, but could not find a car with it. I can see why, as the "stock" system is great, far exceeding my expectations. the 3.0L engine is very capable, and handles all speeds very well. 
I've had the 2007 530i with manual transmission for about a month. What a great car! Test drove the automatic but it wasn't quite as fun to drive. The handling, ride quality, and acceleration simply brings a huge smile on my face. Like other reviewers, I always take the long way home. I have owned Lexus and Volvo and there is no comparison. This is truly a driver's car. If you really enjoy driving, this is your car. Also, I am averaging 28.5 mpg combined driving (another plus for getting the manual transmission).
This is my second BMW. It doesn't get any better than this! Wonderful ride, muscle and luxury in one beautiful package. 
My husband just bought this car and I fell in love with it the moment I got into it. Such an attractive vehicle and it drives beautifully. I don't know a lot about cars, but I have driven a Jaguar, Mercedes, Land Rover and Volvo and none of them comes close. 
I have owned several Mercedes and thought I would never switch. I went to get another Mercedes and their emphasis on cost cutting is apparent. I drove the 530xi and was blown away. Interior appointments are outstanding, fit and finish exceptional and the driving experience is beyond compare. This car is absolutely dead stable (and nearly silent) at 130 mph with amazing handling even in heavy rain. You can get an E-Class Mercedes for less, but there is just no comparison. The 530xi is worth the few extra bucks - it is clear that this is still a pure German built vehicle (like Porsche). 
A drive in the 550i is an experience of quality, satisfaction and exclusivity. Superior handling and braking, comfortable and refined interior, run-flat tires. Harman Kardon Logic 7 system sports 13 speakers (including two subwoofers), surround sound simulation, Digital Sound Processing (DSP).
Picked up in Munich, and hit the Autobahn; although keeping break-in RPMs below 4,500, was still able to enjoy high speed cruising. Ended in Naples with 1250 miles a week later. Delivered to USA in early November. Currently 6,500 miles and enjoying more every day. This is a unique car, after driving 1995 Audi S6 for ten years, 175,000 miles, this car had to please me alot. So far, it has delivered. No real issues, although iDrive technology learning curve is initially steep. Mounted snow tires on new wheels to blast around this winter, and can't wait to return to summer driving conditions. Likely the best ride for the sporty minded sedan generation. 
I bought my 550i just a few weeks ago, and what an incredible ride that car, let me tell you. Not only is it POWERFUL, putting you back in your seat, but it stops on a dime. Having a "racing" background I can tell you that you need to get the 5 series for its handling and power delivery. Everything else, just about is a plus. The monster power in the 550i is invigorating! Have fun! Please just make sure that the Homelink garage door opener works before you drive it off the dealer. Mine needed to be changed 3 days later.
I'm 41 with two kids. This is the perfect car for me; it is fun to drive in any situation. There is plenty of room for all the hockey equipment. I have not had one problem with the car.
I love my new 2007 525i, I previously had a 2004 325i and this one is just much more roomier and comfortable and I love the Black Sapphire exterior with sand color interior combination. I do have a little difficulty with the I controller, but I'm sure I'll get the swing of it. Car drives great!
This 2007 is a replacement for my 2003 5 series. I thought the 2003 was the finest car I had driven.The 2007 is so much better in every way! Also iDrive is quite easy if you take the time and read the directions and practice using it in your garage.
The car is wonderful! I picked it up in Munich as part of BMW's European Delivery Program and subsequently drove it 1,000 miles on the Autobahn throughout Germany and Austria this past December. It cruises at 130 mph just as easily as it does at 65 or 70 mph. It is actually more comfortable to drive at higher speeds. As with my past BMW, it has a tendancy to want to pull you faster down the road - like a race horse always wanting to go ever faster - be careful to keep an eye on the speedometer! The interior is very nicely appointed and well equipped. The iDrive is not as cumbersome as others have claimed. I think the iDrive becomes an issue for those drivers who are not tech savvy.
Great car. You will not be disappointed. Solid handling, fun to drive, great stereo and I love the Sirius radio. A driver's car. What more could you ask for? Will definitely be a repeat customer. Take the plunge.
I bought this 530i to replace another luxury sedan. Riding in the 530i is incomparable, you feel like a billion bucks, well at least a million. Go compare a test drive with other luxury autos, you'll feel the difference. In the end, all else is just not a BMW and you get what you pay for.
Now in the shop for the fourth time to fix the (apparently) unfixable Sirius satellite radio; entire radio failed once; engine valve clatter and transmission "clunk" is annoying, but not yet troublesome. Great car otherwise, but clearly not up to manufacturing and reliability standards of Lexus, Acura and the other "Pacific Rim" manufacturers whose cars I have owned in the past. Even more troubelsome than the two Mercedes we recently owned. 
Very fun to drive, and big enough for me inside. I am 6'4". I love driving this car. Literally, I take the long way home.
The 2007 BMW 525i is a blast to drive with good gas mileage. Handles like a race car and is still has plenty of luxury to it. A buy all day long!
This is the first BMW I have bought. The car looks and rides better then any of the other cars I have owned (12) over the past 25 years. It may be a little high for most budgets but you will not be disapointed. Worth every penny. I only got Aust and had to have the navigation. The car is packed with features without spending tons on options. Completely satisfied with the performance on the basic 215 HP 525i.
After owning a Lexus since 1998 (GS 400 and LS 430), I test drove the BMW for its renowned sports feel. There is no comparison! For a youthful yet practical drive, this is the top choice. The All Wheel capabilities allow a sports car in Northeast winters. I love to drive this car and there is plenty of room for two kids and two dogs!
Having owned an E430 4-matic and Audi A8L prior to this, I'm getting used to the smaller car. The iDrive system is terrible compared to MMI of Audi. Acceleration is a bit slow but handling is awesome in all weather conditions. Interior finish is a bit 'cheap' with too much vinyl and tacky plastic buttons for this price-point! Fold down rear seats, Bluetooth and headup display are nice features. Getting 19-20 mpgs driving around northern NJ. I look forward to 7- series xi next time. 
Love the car when it is not in the shop.Purchased an '07 model in May 06. Car has 6000 mi and has been in the shop 40 days. First it had a steering angle sensor problem took 30 days for part to come in. Then a recall for shock absorbers. Then 3 trips for bluetooth problems and sunroof. After that had programming problem with air conditioner. Car is only 5 MONTHS OLD!
Great car for the working mom driving 60 miles a day. Great performance, lots of fun and plenty of room in the back seat for a car seat as well as a booster seat. I plan on being a BMW owner for life!
I love this car. The iDrive is not that hard to use. It has nothing to do with the drive or handling. The 525 has enough power for all every day around town duties. On the road it is a dream, 30 MPG last trip!
This is the 3rd BMW that I owned, second 5 series. This is one sweet car. Mine is black w/brick color interior. BMWs are reliable and fun to drive and are SAFE! Plenty of room in car and trunk.
This is the first bimmer I have owned and it will not be the last, unless I keep this one forever. The car drives and handles great and is a pleasure to operate. I also feel very safe in my bimmer. The car is very well insulated and outside noise is almost unheard. I purchased the premium sound system and love it. The iDrive was a little daunting to begin with, but I have mastered it and if I can do it, anybody can. I would highly recommend this car to anyone.
I'm so happy that I got this car. I owned famous brands like Lexus, Toyota, Honda, Nissan before and nothing can compare to this vehicle. The drive is stable and performance is great.
Car drives great. smoother and quieter than 2003 530. Switched to automatic. sport mode takes a while to get used to but pretty good. Suspension best I've ever driven. Absorbs most bumps but stays tight in turns. Haven't driven in snow yet.
I love the drive and acceleration in this car. Feels like riding on a cloud when you put this car on the highway. Has good sound insulation and of course that classic, handsome look of the BMW. The standard stereo system is great with good sound quality.
This car is amazing, which, for the price, it should be. It is however living up to every expectation. I don't know how I ever drove anything else
This is my 4th BMW and I have never been disappointed. It wasn't until the new '07 525 that I was actually blown away. It is light years ahead of my old 528. All the new electronics (voice activation, navigation, iDrive, iPod, bluetooth) are worth every penny especially if you use your car as your mobile office.
I love the drive, acceleration, the grip feeling that gives when you are getting into curves.
My 550I is fun to drive, especially on the open road. Gas mileage in city driving is on the low side, freeway driving is excellent. Vehicle comfort and handling is excellent. Performance is excellent. The "heads up" display needs improvement (my 2001 Corvette's C5, heads up display is by far superior). Styling...always gets head turning!
Great car - got the manual transmission - full loaded - fun to drive. iDrive complicated but easily learned - just need to sit with the book. Only downside thus far is Nav System - I found the maps to be outdated when compared with my Garmin C330 GPS - interestingly both BMW and Garmin get their maps from the same source (Navteq). Hoping a new and better map will come along soon. This is a peppy and fun car to drive. Can't wait to test the AWD in the winter. Highly recommend the stick shift.
I traded my 2003 745Li for the new 2007 530i. I wanted and got a sedan that is sporty and fun to drive, with great overall performance/road feel. Both exterior and interior design stand out against everything in it's price range. IDrive is simplified vs my trade-in and not a problem to use. Driving this car is what sells it and makes my daily 50 mile commute something to look forward to.
My first BMW, the car just feels a lot more solid than any other vehicle I have ever owned... lexus nissan z acura Honda VW Jeep. It seems as though a lot of attention was paid to the driver when they designed the 5. My only complaint is the lack of power in the 525i. I guess it's my own fault for getting the 525 instead of the 530 or 545
Exceeds my expectations! I do a lot of highway driving. Averaging over 29 MPG with about 20 on the local roads. This car is not only fast but comfortable as well. I focused on getting the colors I wanted (Monoco Blue and beige interior). I did not want nor bought all the extras; just the winter package and navigation. This car can zoom when I need the speed to pass. Cruising is awesome with navigation and the standard sound system which is excellent. The dealer did a great job on the pre-sale and delivery and what's wrong with 4 years of free maintenance. 
Fit and finish is top notch. Handling and comfort are exceptional. The split screen LCD used for iDrive and NAV is bright, wide-screen format, and of high resolution. The iDrive is fine once you get used to it. 
I just bought the 550i after looking around for a few months. I wanted the performance but I was concerned about the fuel economy. If you can believe the gauge on the car, I am getting 28.6 MPG on the highway. It is only rated at 25, so that is excellent. When I fill it up again I will verify that number. This car is a pleasure to drive. It's quick, quiet, and comfortable. Sport package not necessary. Automatic is best for most. There is a 1300 dollar gas guzzler tax on the stick shift. 
The car is smooth as silk at idle, has a muscular power curve. It has power from the word go and handles like a dream, the AC works far superior than BMW units have in the past. The sport package is a must, the front seats are a dream. The iPod (aux input) adapter works great. Gets 25 mpg on the highway. It feels and drives like a sports car, there are still no substitutions for a BMW.
Just traded in a two-year old 3-series for the new 530i. I love it. Am really enjoying the car.
Car is as described. It is a driver's car with power, performance and luxury amenities. It is more than I expected.
This is my first BMW and it is fun! Everything from the exterior styling to the driving characteristics are great. The iDrive system does take a little time to master but allows you to program many things that other cars do not. The car is getting well over the average miles per gallon in city traffic.
Bought the car on military sales overseas, nice price with a 3k rebate (just under 53K fully optioned, no HUD/auto cruise but NVD, etc). No glitches, drives wonderfully. 
Awesome power and ride with the sport package option suspension and Dunlop run flat tires. Very smooth even on rough roads. Comfort seats are amazing! Premium sound is a must due to amazing logic 7 system. No problems at all, nothing to even adjust. The iDrive is no problem once you get used to it. 
This is by far the best BMW I have ever owned. This is my seventh BMW ranging from 94 750il 95' 325is. 97 M3 99 540i 02 Z4 and 04 745li. This car's performance matches many sports cars. 
The car was delivered 3 weeks ago and then I took my wife and son on a trip to Maine, covering 3,000 miles. We spent a lot of time in the car and it was worth every penny we paid for it. It's a dream on the highway and a pleasure in the mountains. The handling was classic BMW and driving was a pleasure. I recommend the navigation system for anyone who travels much away from home. It was very useful and easy to use. I've heard complaints about the iDrive but after a very short time it became very easy to use. I've had two 3 series cars and I enjoyed them. This is a great step up.
Incredible automobile! The 4.8 liter has smooth power delivery, automatic transmission is good match. Great for commuting, canyon carving, and street races. A real sleeper, can out accelerate nearly any vehicle on the road, and do it with style, while carrying several passengers. Luxury features are fantastic, iDrive very convenient once mastered. Navigation system is excellent. Logic7 sound system is incredible. 20-way seats are extraordinary. This is a real drivers car, 525 and 530 do not even compare. The 550i in different league, very much worth the 20k premium. 0-60 mph in 5 seconds and the quarter mile in 13 seconds, encapsulated in a very luxurious cabin? the only way to travel.
I got my 1st BMW as a birthday gift 10 years ago. I LOVED it and didn't want to part with it. My husband said that I was long overdue for a new car... test drove a few others... loved the 525xi. My child was 3 weeks old when I was in a head on collision with my old BMW and he slept through it! Now I need a little more room and the same safety features... this car has it. I NEVER thought I would leave an American car but BMW is amazing. With these cars, you only have to get a new one once every 10 years! ENJOY! PS my husband has had two 7 series and two X5. We are converts to BMW!!
IDrive not as bad as many people think. With the option to set the buttons on steering to your specific feature is great. Otherwise, there is no reason to play around with the iDrive while driving. 
BMW has created an outstanding sport sedan. The combination of luxury and driving dynamics are hard to beat. We purchased this vehicle as a sport sedan alternative to an SUV for getting from the Bay Area up to Tahoe. So far we love the vehicle. We have no knocks in iDrive. If you have used a computer mouse you should have no problem.
This car lives up to its title "Ultimate Driving Machine" Fun to drive plenty of power and highly accurate steering. The interior ride and comfort is second to none. The navigation system and radio are a dream because of their ease of use. I would highly recommend this car. 
Just traded an '04 530i (SP, PP, Auto, Titanium Gray/Gray, clear hood bra) for an '07 530i (SP, PP, Auto, Rear Sunshades, Logic7 stereo, Monaco Blue/Beige, clear hood bra). I continue to love the exterior design. The extra hp in the 2007 is noticeable. The stereo upgrade was worth it. The rear sunshades are a real nice, classy touch. The Monaco Blue is a deep rich blue. The Bridgestone run-flats in the 2007 are a MAJOR improvement over the Dunlop run-flats in the 2004. Did not get active steering on the 2007 - more turns of the wheel but better feel for the road. Still getting used to the comfort seats (standard on 2007 SP) but I think I will like them better than sport seats on 2004.
Well balanced and fun to drive. I bought a US spec car in Europe at the Military discount. Very well equipped for the price. Tons of gadgets, too many for my wife. Drives better than the MB it replaced. 
After owning only American vehicles since 16 - I made my first move to a foreign car after I fell in love with the new BMW 5 series styling - Everyone that views the car seems to feel the same. I think the 550 i with the larger tires just finishes off the car as I would desire it.
We have enjoyed this car so far. We DO love the iDrive. Has awesome programmable features. Very well built car and is very good fit and finish. Car is ok on room but wish the back seats had a little more room. The 745i had better room but it was a lot more expensive. We looked at Audi, mercedes, Lexus, and Infinity. My wife fell in love with the overall feel of the car versus the others. The drive is very solid and is very tight to drive. Free maint was a plus.
To me, this is a big car - just as long and heavy as our full sized mini-van. Drives very well and easy around town. I live in Europe (US spec) so tons of fun on autobahn. Easy driving at 130mph with (sleeping) wife and two kids. Night vision is a hoot, but we'll see how useful it is. Owners manual is a tome, but worth the read, esp the voice command section. Once set up iDrive is no issue; though my wife has yet to tackle it. 
This car is the best handling and nicest car I have owned. It is smooth when accelerating and the handling is impressive. The navigation is solid and I did not personally have a issue with the iDrive system. Anyone with computer mouse experience and the ability to conquer Microsoft Windows will find the iDrive system easy to use. My only advice is to stay away from the Performance Package with the run flat tires if you don't want to feel like your running over a speed bump by just running over a cigarette butt.
I was set to buy a Lexus GS 300 AWD until I drove the 530xi. It is a great, but expensive, car! Also drove the Audi A6, Infiniti M35AWD and Acura RL. The handling is superb and the attention to detail is appreciated. Long live iDrive - for me it is like using a mouse or joystick. No more fumbling for the correct button or the proper position on a touch screen! Should have listened to the owners' forums and ordered the Head Up Display.
The car is solid but the front seat is a bit deep and the back of your legs at the knee will touch the seat and forces you to slouch forward for clearance or inflate the lumbar support feature to move you forward and clear the behind the knee issues. You see, for a 5'7" adult like me and my wife is 5 foot even the rear seats are too deep and makes small adult legs float and not reach the carpet which makes your legs numb after awhile. But the car is solid handler so it washes out. 
Overall is a great car don't get me wrong. im been an BMW enthusiast for years but the dealer can't fix the wear of the rear tires on the inside. They want me to do alignment and put new set of tires at 22000 miles at my expense! Thats the reason i purchased a $80,000 car on the first place, insane.
I looked at every "similar" vehicle - Porsche 911 and Cayman, SL-Class - but just couldn't find the right fit. I am so pleased with my decision! The car has enough "sporty-ness" to feel like a performance car, but without the harshness or diminutive stature of so many other "sports cars" (I'm 6'3" and 250 lbs). To say that it is in a class of its own is too trite, but there really isn't anything comparable. Thus far it's been a whole lot of fun. I'll let you know what long-term ownership is like.
For months I had been test-driving different cars looking for "the one." Porsche 911, BMW 335i and 135i, Mini, Audi and even the Volvo C70. In my opinion, nothing else comes close in terms of the whole package. This is a sexy car that flies, turns and brakes on command. I just came out of a 530i and at 6'00, 250 lbs., I am more comfortable in the 650i. Smooth and quiet, powerful yet reserved -- until summoned.
The BMW 650i is not what I expected. This is NOT a sports car. It is an overpriced "sporty" sedan. The manual transmission is awful. The navigation system is worse. The car handles well for a sedan. Acceleration from zero is not great, but it does have a great deal of power from 30 mph to 100 mph
I've owned a lot of great cars (i.e. Porsches, BMW M3s, etc.) but this car is the "complete package". The styling is gorgeous, great performance, superb handling and decent mileage for a V8! And if that's not enough, it's a convertible with 1 button control. I love this car!
This is NOT a sports car. It is a "sporty" two-sedan. The manual transmission is very disappointing. The car corners well, but is not very quick 0-60 mpg. However, it does well getting on the freeway (30-70mph) It does not compare very favorably to a 911 Porsche, but it competes well with the SL 500 Mercedes.
The 650 has what BMW calls an "inherent characteristic." If you drive in "manual" shift mode the vehicle is prone to stuttering when coming to a stop. Imagine your head bobbing back and forth like a doll on the dashboard. The vehicle is also prone to severe lunges when driving in m1 (such as you might in a parking garage looking for a spot or while moving forward in a metered freeway on ramp) and to a lesser extent in automatic. The lunges are dangerous and you must drive defensively at 4 miles per hour. BMW states the problem is with the software-it thinks the engine is stalling and the computer gives the engine throttle. BMW won't fix the problem. Stay away from this vehicle. 
This car is a great touring vehicle. Very refined, comfortable and easy to gain speed. In a sense, this car is too good for American roads as it truly comes to its life and purpose at 130-150 mph, which is absolutely illegal in states. It effectively replaces a small airplane in Europe and loses much of its value stateside.
I have now owned my 2007 650i convertible for 8 months. Being a longstanding BMW enthusiast, I traded in my 2004 M3 convertible, a car that I truly loved. With the 650i, you get M3 neck-snapping acceleration with a more luxurious ride and interior. The iDrive, although a pain at first, is actually pretty neat. Go for the options: nav, Sirius, comfort access, bigger tires. What's a few extra bucks at this point? This car will make everyone take a second look, especially when you're effortlessly passing them at 110 mph. This Beauty is a Beast!
This car is a hot rod with the comforts of the 750i. I look forward to waking every morning and driving this car... great fun.
The second day I drove this car down a two lane road with the top down listining to the purr of the engine I was filled with satisfaction that I'd made the right choice. WOW! What a beast.
Unmistakable German engineering. Handling excellent for a car this size, but not as easy to corner aggressively as with a 911 and its "oversteer" which makes any turn at any speed effortless. This is more a touring car and less a sports car. Very comfortable and manageable interior. The iDrive is very easy to learn and use. Sport package, comfort access and heads-up (I do not have HUD) a must. You can't see the speedometer or tach when cornering which is a distraction when pressing the car around turns. Overall a very impressive and formidable automobile. Not quite the Ultimate Driving Machine, but an excellent stand-in. A 911 is a 911, period.
Drove it on the Autobahn after European delivery in Munich all the way to Vienna - awesome power, handling and comfort. Navigation and heads up display took me right to my Vienna hotel. Car is great fun to drive and a real head turner - would strongly recommend 3/4 hours with the iDrive manual in order to fully appreciate it, particularly if used in conjunction with the steering wheel controls. Trunk handles two golf bags and rear seat is definitely functional. Heads up display and sports package a must as is upgraded stereo system. Very pleased with my purchase and would recommend this vehicle and also the European Delivery program - BMW does it right. 
Went for a drive in the country last weekend and all I can say is WOW! Car was rock solid at 110 and when passing a car it was still pushing me back in the seat at 80. Has all the torque you would ever need. Soft leather seats and a well laid out interior. The exhaust rumble make you want to drive it. This car is a keeper.
This is my 2nd BMW 650i I had purchased 2/2/2007. I traded my 2006 650i coupe for a 2007 650i convertible. Since the sun roof did not slide back on the coupe I got the convertible instead. I am very happy and pleased with the convertible. This car has the perfect package: comfort, luxury, handling, performance, agility, and beauty inside & out. The color of mine is Alpine white with the new upgraded leather beige. Mine came fully equipped with all options except HD radio, which you cannot have if you have the real-time traffic for the navigation. This is an awesome feature to have. iDrive is not difficult to use, as long as you are willing to learn! People stop complaining!!
Although I've only had my 650i for a week or so, I am already impressed with the quality and feel of such a high performance, luxury coupe. It has plenty of power and very stable handling. My last car was an '05 Porsche Carrera. This BMW is much more luxurous and as much fun to drive without all of the bumps of a much stiffer suspension. Beautiful lines, classy interior, and the iDrive isn't at all that hard to use once I spent some time with it. I'm very pleased with my choice.
I purchased a 2007 650i convertible one week ago and here are my initial comments. The iDrive was easier to learn then I expected and, though working, the radio is certainly more complicated then having a couple of buttons, still the iDrive gives you access to many sophisticated features. That said, my wife, who owns a 2002 BMW 535, will not replace that car with another BMW if it has an iDrive which is too complex for her to operate. 
It's really a good car and all of a driving experience. I work home-office so do not use the car a lot - only 7,500 miles per year average, however, it is quite enjoyable to drive it every time I go the airport and go to pick up the kids at school.
Fun to drive, great handling (for a SUV) with the 19" and sport package, a little rough riding at times though. Comfortable and decent fuel economy (premium fuel uhh). No issues to date, Nice sound system, nav is just ok, but the bluetooth rocks. An overlooked small SUV that competes very well all around, careful price jumps with options! Good Value if you buy 1 year old.
I purchased this with the sports package and absolutely love it! The x3 has superb performance and handling.
The BMW X3 is a perfect car for a person who likes performance, styling and great handling. Mine has the sports package and M styling and looks terrific. I had driven BMW 5 Series cars for 20 years, but needed occasional storage capacity to carry a drum set. I also have an X5 which is beautiful but it doesn't come anywhere near the X3 for performance and handling. The fit and finish is top notch with great features like the full length sunroof. I also enjoy the sitting position which is higher than a sedan but not so high that you sway with every bump like you do in most trucks and SUVs. One great car....
This car has gone above and beyond what I expected. Was also looking at the Lexus and Mercedes and their drive compared to the BMW was night and day. If you're looking for a fun car that is the best performing car in its class the BMW X3 is the only logical choice.
I bought a 2008 CR-V and simply was not happy with it. It is wonderfully versatile but it had no power, was noisy, had a rough ride at times and the seats were very uncomfortable. After 3 months I traded the Honda for a CPO X3 and I couldn't be happier. With the X3 I really have to watch my speed. The engine is silky smooth, its quiet, and feels solid as a rock. It may not be as roomy as the CR-V but I can definitely trade that for the joy of driving. If you are considering a small SUV think if you are buying it for yourself or for others. If you care about passenger comfort and versatility then the CR-V is a great choice. But if you want to have a smile on your face get an X3.
Just purchased my 2007 X3 with 24100 miles on it a little over a week ago. This is the best handling SUV I have driven. Lots of power from the 3.0L straight 6. Very comfortable seats. Stereo sound quality is excellent. Much better than my '04 330ci convertible. I tried the sport package on another X3 and the ride was too rough for my taste. The aesthetic updates for '07 look great. Bluetooth is not always clear, but works okay. Also, the throttle tip-in is a little touchy and takes some getting used to at low speed. I was looking for a small SUV that was fun to drive, this fits the bill nicely. The Japanese companies can't compete with German build quality, ride and handling
I guess I expected more from my first BMW. My wife hated the way it drove around town, so now it's mine. The transmission is definitely a design flaw and there should be a recall. On the highway it rides like a dream. It's like riding on a rail and it takes discipline to stay below 100 mph. I had a lifter noise and after several visits to service, they had to replace the cylinder head. That was another nightmare. The dealer and BMW should have made a better effort to compensate for my inconvenience. 
Second BMW (first being M3). Purchased pre-owned. Love almost everything about it. Has just about every possible option and package. Love the 19" wheels. Did have to adjust driving some to accommodate for brake assist and trans system. Once I have done that, it is fine and very enjoyable to drive. Do not have problems others have mentioned. Just took a judicious right foot. Very comfy sport seats and great thick M-sport steering wheel. Now that we have a baby, it is perfect. Not my M3, but a good compromise for the time being. 
I have been a BMW and Saab owner for the past 20 years, I have to say that after driving the X3 for the past year and a bit I am still very happy that I have it! I enjoy driving and I travel a lot, I go where it snows and where it's hot year round, I have found that this SAV performs well in most situations and is fun to drive. I have had very few problems and they were all minor ones. The auto transmission that I have operates differently in sport mode providing the burst of torque when you need it but I did not have issues with the transmission as noted by other reviewers. I have also noted that as more miles were driven the fuel economy has gone up close to the stated 26 MPG HWY.
Bought this vehicle used as I could not afford new. Unfortunately previous owner never serviced vehicle. Had to take into local BMW dealer 4x before we got the throttle response issue cleared. Car hesitated and bucked, was scared to be in traffic when I needed quick acceleration. But the warranty is awesome, treated like a queen at dealership given loaner each time, who still does that? No other automaker I know of. Computer need to be defragged and re-booted so we could start fresh. It worked, my little baby is performing fantastic and I love driving it, it truly is a driving experience like the ads say!
This is my second x3, the 1st a 2004 so I expected a better BMW but what I got was what others are complaining about: poor shifting patterns at speeds under 40 mph. Has been in the shop for software fixes but no improvements and the techs tell me they don't notice the problem. The sport drive is horrible and this is called a "sport utility vehicle". This is not what I expected from BMW.
Driving along a back country road and slump. The transmission felt like it dropped out the bottom. It left me stranded since when I turned it back on it refused to recognize reverse, drive, any gear whatsoever. Since then I have had a "software update" and it is still extremely sluggish in first gear and before I know it I am in third at a snail pace. Highway driving is excellent but in traffic a nightmare, and unreliable shifting. I was told this is a worldwide problem by my dealer regarding X3 transmissions and although this is happening to several X3's it is not large enough to recall. There needs to be a recall. Lurching and shifting so hard that it bucks is not acceptable for a BMW.
Although this is typically a car for women, I'm a 30 year old man, and I love this car. I needed to purchase an SUV and love how the X3 drives like a sedan, but is great in the snow and on wet surfaces. I enjoy the tight steering and quickness. It's much more agile than any SUV I've ever driven. 
This is our 3rd X3, and I loved the other two, both 2005s. This seems to be a different vehicle. Same great finish and handling, but awful acceleration. As written elsewhere, it is bothersome and dangerous. I loved the responsive, fun to drive qualities of our other X3s. This one makes me scared to enter the highway. Not so fun. Once you get past 40, it is fine, but getting there can be tough. Sometimes you punch it and boom, other times you count to three before anything happens. Someone is going to get into an accident because of this. We went to the dealer and they tried a software fix, but it only made it marginally better and we seem to have lost 1-2 MPG. Disappointing.
There is a lot of complaining about the automatic transmission version of this machine. I bought an x3 manual with 6000 miles on it in February 2008 and have put 8000 miles on it since then. This is a great vehicle if you like driving. Fantastic low-end torque. Great acceleration in 2nd, 3rd and 4th. 5th and 6 are highway overdrives. Corners flat in aggressive driving. Have never had better brakes. Pulls a utility trailer loaded with stuff for the dump like its not there. I was skeptical about BMW reliability. No issues so far and the 100,000 mile warranty should have me covered. It doesn't have all the cup holders and storage that a Japanese vehicle has... drives much better though.
I finally had enough. Took a major loss by trading in the 2007 X3. Bought the car for 43K and got 29K in trade in ! The transmission problem in my opinion is dangerous and makes the car unpredictable in many situations (turns, acceleration from stop). Although I brought it back to the dealer for the fix, the problem persisted. In my opinion, it is a disgrace that BMW has the audacity to label this thing the "ultimate driving machine". I have been permanently soured by the BMW brand. Goodbye !
I drive a lot. Over 120 miles a day. Its sleek, powerful using the steptronics, and comfortable. I have been a BMW owner for a few years now and traded in my 06 330i for the x3. So far no complaints.
Bought this car for my wife who was reluctant to own since she doesn't like the tight, sports car like ride. She prefers the soft, floating on air feel. Well, it's mine now. The X3 has a lot of get up and go, and you just have to breathe on the brakes to stop the vehicle. On the highway, you need self-control to keep it under 100 mph. It's like riding on a rail. However, around town in stop and go traffic, it is not smooth acceleration and shifting. It lurches off the line and then quickly starts upshifting. It's what my wife did not like about it, and I have to agree. All things considered, it is an awesome vehicle and has a real class aura about it. I highly recommend it.
Transmission shifting issues - shifts so jerky it will actually make me car sick. Have had back to dealer 2x for updates, shifting improved, but not even close to acceptable for any vehicle, but this one is $40k+. Dealer told me fix is to shift manually - no thanks, I didn't buy a stick shift. Live in western PA, lots of hills, car will not shift out of 2nd gear starting up a hill unless speed exceeds 25 mph - that's about 3500 rpm. When you take your foot off the gas, it throws you like hitting the brakes! Terrible engineering from a premier automotive company.
Bought this as an American Spec X3 in Germany with the Manual 6-speed and most options; a superb driving machine. For an AWD and SUV like vehicle, it does very well on gas mileage - getting 25 hwy and 20 city, and that is at 90 mph on German Autobahns. The vehicle handles very well and the steering is outstanding. I think the 6-speed manual is key to driving pleasure and better mileage (contrary to specs) - but could not imagine using in city traffic and most state side driving stop and go conditions.
I bought my x3 in 12/06. My first Bimmer! The third time I drove it, it quit on me. It was in the shop 9 days to re-program a computer problem. The hesitation problem others list is a perfect description of my x3. Sometimes, the hesitation has absolutely scared me. I have had a sidelight casing replaced due to moisture, have an obvious rattle from the sunroof cover and have had the lifters clacking since I bought the car. Today, I am headed to the dealer to attempt to negotiate my way out of this car into another. The only reason I'm going back to BMW is because of the known problems and my chances of recouping some of the losses on it. Do not recommend this car to anyone.
I bought this vehicle to be both fun and utility vehicle. The transmission behaves so erratically it is downright dangerous. On more than several occasions its lack of response has cause near fatal accidents. It typically hesitates between 2-3 gear which is where you are at when entering a turn-about or merging into traffic quickly. The sports drive mode down shifts so hard that you swear you have been "rear-ended" by another driver. BMWNA has tried to pass this off as part of the "adaptive" or learning features of this car.
There is definite hesitation when attempting quick acceleration. The gps is horrendous! Neither my husband nor myself have figured out how to enter addresses. It just shouldn't be this difficult. His aftermarket gps works like a dream. Not only is it easy to imput data, but also warns of traffic slow downs and alternative routes. The stereo is mediocre. The controls are mediocre. 
Original impression of X3 3.0si on test drive was quite positive. I purchased a certified X3 3.0si with 12K miles. Car handles well and has powerful engine. Transmission is erratic at best. Sometimes does not engage at all, others shifts very hard and can cause nausea in passengers. BMW service can't find issue which suggests that they have not figured out optimal transmission match to the 3.0si engine in the X3.
Picked it up in Munich on the European delivery plan. Fantastic to drive in the Austrian and Slovenian Alps. Now driving it for normal U.S. city driving and it continues to be a pleasure. A very few, very minor issues: oddly placed cupholder on passenger side, for example. But have experienced none of the transmission problems others complain of, and the overall quality is high. This replaced an Acura TL. I liked the TL a lot, but like the X3 better. 
I bought this when it was between the Acura RDX and Lexus RX. The Bimmer won out with every feature available and I am loving it. Its reliability has been spot on and it has a better warranty than Toyota, Honda and GM! If bought, be sure to get a tire warranty. I got a nail in mine and got it repaired for $400! It shows how good the BMW's quality is. Best buy for sure!
This is, without question, the best automobile I've ever owned. It is powerful, responsive, agile for its size/weight and BMW's N52 straight-6 engine is buttery smooth and quiet. (Although one doesn't hear it inside the vehicle, from outside the vehicle the X3's exhaust note has a nice bit of a growl.) I opted for the 6-speed manual transmission, and I must say it takes a bit of getting used to. The clutch pedal has a lot of "travel" in it, but the engagement point is a fairly narrow area quite near to where the clutch pedal is in its undepressed state. I'm impressed with the fit and finish of the vehicle and it just has a nice, solid feel to it. 
I have owned this SAV for almost a week now. This is my first small SUV, I am a car guy but I travel where there is snow a few times every year and I wanted to be able to take something on my trips that would drive like a car but be able to take the weather with no worries. I think I found my vehicle, The handling on the X3 is great and I don't find the suspension too stiff, I did not order the sport package. My X3 was ordered with the luxury package, the 18" wheels; front seat warmers; servo-tronic steering; upgraded radio and xenon headlights. So far I am very satisfied with this X3, I look forward to every drive, every day. My advice is to go and test drive one.
Reporting back after 4500 miles driven. This X3 has a faulty transmission. It causes hesistation on acceleration from a stop, in curves, on hills, and in turns. The transmission needs to be reprogrammed (reference SB 24-08-07). Even after reprogramming the transmission is erratic. Would be very careful before purchasing.
I had this car for a 1 1/2yrs and I love it. This is my first BMW and I will continue to buy due to the best warranty service. I've taking my car in for an oil change for zero cost. The car handles very well in the rainy season, the seats are comfortable. The sunroof is awesome though a little loud and the trunk is very spacious. I've driving this car from and to California and it just runs smoothly. The performance of a BMW is no comparison. 
I used to be very much against SUVs. I had a purchase and sales agreement all drawn up for a BMW 3 wagon, and then at the last minute I asked the sales person to let me drive a 2007 BMW X3 in a 6 speed manual. WOW, I was 100% sold. Coming out of a Volvo V70 T5 wagon, I needed the practicality of a wagon to haul items for my business. The 3 wagon did this job but was a bit tight. The X3 had more room without sacrificing anything in performance. So far the experience with the vehicle and BMW have been nothing less than superb. Sure, it is not a cheap drive, but the fit, finish is unbelievable. I am getting 23-24 around town and 27 mpg on the highway. I HIGHLY recommend the 6 speed.
I have owned the car now for about a week, and it performs very well. I don't find any hesitation as some reviews have stated. What some call hesitation is the engine coming up on the torque curve, not a transmission problem. I would like to physically be able to check the oil instead of depending on the computer to tell me that it is O.K. This is a great automobile, as every BMW I have owned was.
I bought my new X3 a week ago and it is a total nightmare. I did not know that there was a major engine hesitation with many of these vehicles, and mine is very bad and even dangerous. The steering is not aligned due to either a wheel alignment issue or the wheel itself is not centered. The controls including the navigation system are way too complex and awkward, and using knobs to control everything is absurd. My car has cosmetic defects on the fabric on doors and pillars, and it looks like they totally left out the quality in this SUV. Overall, should have got the RDX.
My husband and I love our new X3. We were originally going to go with the Volvo XC90, but after test driving the X3, we loved it. It handles better than the XC90 and it's cheaper.
I downgraded from a mom mobile (minivan), and I love this little car. It fits me and my two little ones nicely. It's quick and fun to drive. The gas mileage is better than my van, and the tank is smaller so fill ups are less too (even using premium gas). I love the bluetooth capability. I feel so much cooler in this than my van!
I purchased an '07 X3 for my wife six months ago and we couldn't be happier. City parallel parking made short body length important factor. Ultimately we chose between the Acura RDX and the X3. This '07 X3 had a far superior engine compared to the '05 and '06 versions that we test drove. In fact, the older engines disappointed quite a bit. This vehicle handles like a 330. The AWD was flawless over the New England winter. Mileage is good for an SUV. The ride is just a touch stiff, but much softer than my M3 on city roads, and overall its a joy to drive. Storage is far better than a sedan. Reliability has been perfect. 
I was hesitant while buying this car after testing both Acura SUVs, Lexus RX, Mercedes ML, Missan Murano, Infiniti FX, Porsche Cayenne and Audi Q7 and it performed the best. The only thing I disliked about the car is the limited availability. I live in Maryand and the closest I could find was in Virginia, 400 miles away from my dealer. I got the sport package and love it. The seats are more supportive than anything. One thing I would recommend on the car is getting a warranty on your tires. I got a nail in my tire after 1200 miles. It was a $450 tire. Luckily I got it insured. One thing that BMW never has gotten right on any car they have made is cupholders.
We purchased the X3 early this year. So far I have no regrets. Reasonable gas mileage. Confortable heated seats and fun to drive. 
We had a 325xi wagon for the past three years and really enjoyed it. We were not sure that we were going to get another BMW because we wanted to save some money on the payments. So we went and drove a ton of cars and decided that we liked what BMW had to offer in either a new 325 wagon or an X3. The X3 had the best pricing incentives for a lease so we went with it. The car is a base model with auto trans. It handles like a BMW. We like the leatherette for clean up and comfort. The radio could be better for the price. The DTC is miserable. We turn it off all the time. It makes the car hunt around in 1st and 2nd gear trying to avoid losing traction. 
X3 is a very beautiful car in my opinion, which has a very good stable design and controls that make it very safe and help on running fearless while driving this car. 200 KM/hr is not a dangerous speed at all in this car, due to its high safety controls. Also it has a good cd player with a fantastic sound system.
The interior is well appointed and everything is within easy reach. I'm a little disappointed on the sound system, I was told by my BMW rep that iPod connectivity was standard. It does have a port, but you pay extra for the integrated cable for control on the sound system, the speakers really aren't all that, my jeep grand cherokee was better in that aspect. I have only had it 4 days, but I just love it otherwise. I look for excuses to go for a drive, the gas mileage seems to be ok except when you get on the gas hard, tranny seems rough. 
I've test driven from a toyota RAV to a Benz and all those cars don't come close to the feel, styling and performance of this car. Probably those other car companies will take pieces of the body style but there's only one BMW.
BMW's European delivery program is one of the best. Our car was waiting in Munich with a tank full of gas and ready for our trip across Germany, Switzerland and France. Our X3 performed flawlessly over international roadways and narrow back streets. We enjoyed traveling 1500 miles before leaving the vehicle in Nice, FR for shipment to the USA.
 I just bought a 2007 BMW X3. I test drove a different one, then took the one off the showroom floor in the color I wanted. I did not notice hesitation on test drive, but immediately noticed on mine. It is a week old and I hate it. Not to mention the stupid plastic handle that my knee constantly hits. The hesitation is horrible. It does it from a dead stop, and while driving at slow speeds. It is unacceptable to me-I want to return it. The transmission is so erratic, that passengers complain about the rough and jolty ride-it is embarrasing to tell them I spent so much on a piece of junk. I think I made a mistake. This is going to be my last BMW. I should have bought the Nissan Murano! 
Okay, I have myself to blame. I buy a new car every two years, last one was a 2004 Acura TL--not the most expensive car I've owned, but far and away the best car in every category. I read the reviews for BMW X3 and know the car was not higly thought of in the past--but that 2007 was a NEW year with many improvements. The gas mileage is bad! 18mpg city/highway. The tranny is rough, and at low RPM there is almost zero torque and a rough go until about 25mph. The electronics are less than high tech--the radio is pathetic for a $44k vehicle--and the rear seats, despite what the catalogue said, do not fold flat, making the rear space useless for boxes, dogs, and anything else. 
I just bought the X3 after months of research. I've been very happy with it. Great engine, nice interior, good interior storage space for vehicle size. 
I drug my husband to test drive the Lexus Hybrid SUV, he drug me to test drive the X3. On paper I really thought we would like the Lexus better, but the X3 won hands down. Easier to turn into a parking space, felt roomier in the front, so much fun to drive. I'm only 5'4" but felt I could see out of the X3 better and with more personal space. Now my husband and I are at odds over who gets to drive the SUV (it's MINE). Who would have thought?
Just completed my first commute in my new '07 X3 - it turned the twisty mountain roads into a flat, straight freeway! The V6 is very quick & smooth, handling is fantastic and up/down shifts by the 6 speed auto trans were imperceptible. The brakes are almost too good, as I am learning to be very gentle with the brake pedal to avoid stopping too fast. Looked at CX-7, RDX, RAV4, CR-V & Edge - the X3 was far and away the most fun to drive while getting better mpg than CX-7, RDX & Edge and only 2 highway mpg less than Rav4 & CR-V AWD. Storage room with back seats up or down was equal or larger than these other CUV options. 
Great vehicle dynamics; silky smooth transmission; good trunk space; switched from FX 35 which was a great car. Has less interior storage compartments than FX 35. Nowhere near the interior quality of the FX. My X3 has a sticker price of 44k and can you belive in that price is not even a car alarm included. But what is bothering me is those very cheap controls on the radio as well as steering wheel. The radio control button is awful! BMW please! I also miss that beautiful vehicle information screen. Sound system just ok. Car has a little wind noise at speeds above 55 mph. City mileage 18-19 mpg. Highway 24-25 mpg so far. 
Just took delivery on an X3. The mileage has been a pleasant surprise. The vehicle is well built and feels very solid. The transmission is not up to par with the rest of the vehicle. It doesn't shift smoothly and hesitates.
I always said I would NEVER drive an SUV! I'm not. I'm driving an X3 and it's probably the most fun and convenient car I've ever owned. Normally those two words can't be used in the same sentence when describing a car. I'm disappointed in the gas mileage but other BMW owners seem to be fine with it. The interior is divine! Cup holder doesn't hold odd size containers but everything else is perfect!
This is my second X3. Traded in a 2005. This is one of the best handling cars/SAVs out there. You just can not do better then the X-drive system. Get the 18" wheels and Premium Pkge. The Xenon headlamps are great. I get 19 to 20 mpg driving to work, but if you drive around 70 mph you won't get 26 mpg.
I purchased the X3 in Germany and have had the pleasure of driving 100+ mph on the autobahn for the last 3 months... sooo fun!! Handles like a dream, both in snow and on dry pavement. Steering is quick and responsive. The inside is roomy and quite comfortable. The size is perfect... large enough to pack everything I need and more, yet small enough that parking (even in Germany) is no problem. I didn't get the navigation system because I already had a Tomtom. I ordered a side dash mount from ProClip so the GPS doesn't take up space on the windscreen and the placement is excellent. Top quality vehicle!!
I owned 3 Ford Explorers back to back. I test drove 2 BMWs, an Acura and Lexus. I found myself going back to BMW for a second test drive. I could not believe the handling and drive. I find myself amazed after 2 months each time I get into the car. I find myself uncomfortable when I drive any other car now as in maneuverability.
Time to downsize from Lincoln Aviator. '07 X3 is perfect size and 1/3 less to fill gas tank. Fun to drive, agile, smooth and quick. Interior disappointing. Have an '07 BMW 328xi and expected equivalent interior comfort features on X3 but BMW did not provide them: (1) heat/AC system is not dual, has no vent in rear seat, and no heat circulation when engine off; (2) leather/comfort of sport seats inferior to 3 series; (3) radio Bluetooth features are limited compared to 3 series; (4) heated seats weak. The iPod add-on connection is awful - can't hook-up while driving, shows "Track #" not song name, cord too short, takes glove compartment space - use standard auxiliary. Park assist feature annoying.
I've just changed my 2005 X3 for a new one. The 2007 feels more comfortable, cleaner in style and a bit more powerful. Same old leatherette in the seats, but a sturdy more easy to manage leather steering wheel. Lets' put it this way: a nicer a gentler car!
I bought this for my wife who is very difficult to please and was coming out of a 5 series wagon. This vehicle does everything well and even she is impressed. Most vehicles that are this much fun to drive are not at all practical, but this vehicle does it all. Everything about it is top quality. If you drive it, you will want to buy it. Don't bother with the sports package. The standard seats are more comfortable, and the standard front facia is much better looking.
Very beautiful car on the outside. Gets pricey as you add on the options. Competitors offer more features.
I have owned my X3 now for several months. The performance is truly unbelievable!I traded in my 2000 ML320 only because the upkeep was becoming more than I was willing to pay. I am so glad I did, this is a much nicer vehicle at a better price. Almost ten thousand dollars less. 
This one has it all, styling, handling, utility, safety and everything you would expect from BMW. I thought it was too overpriced until I drove it. It is but it is such a wonderful vehicle I thought I would give it a try and was amazed at the lease payments because the residual value is so high. I don't think you could find a better small SUV or SAV, as BMW dubs it. I love the size, it's agile and offers utility. It's definitely a sport ute!
Just bought this X3 last Saturday. It was a great experience driving it since this is the first BMW we own. The exterior and performance are perfect. The interior could be improved. We may know it more after we drive it more. Not so sure now about reliability and fuel economy.
I just purchased this vehicle less than a week ago and I love it. It drives great and no comparison from my last vehicle 2003 xterra. The power is excellent and so far gas is good. This vehicle I can handle having for a very very long time.
It's hard to find fault with this one. It's stylish, has unique bells and whistles and performs while providing utility and comfort. BMW truly is the ultimate driving experience. It far surpasses the Mercedes sports sedan I traded for it. The only other vehicle I've owned that compares to it is the BMW 5 series I once had. 
I just got this vehicle a week ago and I have to say it is amazing. I got it fully loaded with everything except the sport package. The interior and exterior quality is the best!
This is my first BMW and SUV - I love it! Definitely a nice upgrade from a luxury sedan (previously had 2 Audis). The ride is firm and sporty and the interior is plush. Lots of power and sports car handling. You owe yourself to take a serious look!
Having owned two X5s I'm thrilled with the agility and the power response of the X3 - firm ride yes, but smooth and tight. A joy to drive - sporty and more enjoyable than our Z3 and our 325csi.
I have a really loaded 2007 X3. It's an unbelievable machine. I buy new cars very frequently and have gotten kind of bored with them. The X3 has given me that teenage excitement of having a car again. I really enjoy driving it. Its acceleration, handling and braking are just awesome. All of the latest safety features are in it. The fit and finish are top notch. The leather interior is beautiful. The transmission can be used in regular automatic drive, sport drive and manual. Hands free communication and BMW assist are very convenient. The BMW is in a class by itself. 
The title of my review says it all about the 2007 X3. The exterior styling is just amazing. I can't tell you how many people have come up to me after seeing the X3 and said to me "hot car" or some variation of that. And it's an SUV!! Performance is excellent, you really need to hold this baby back on the roads. The new 260 hp engine is just perfect. Handling is incredible too. The interior is upgraded and beautiful. You really feel molded to the seats, they are so comfortable. The X3 just exudes class in every way. You just feel so great sitting in it, and driving it is just plain fun.
Fun to drive. Higher view position than sedan, and same comfort as sedan. Very smooth.
X3 2007 is nearly perfect with its new engine and transmission and improved interior. It is the best vehicle I have ever owned and I have been driving new mercedes since 1993.
The performance and driving experience has exceeded my expectations in the first week of ownership. I like the sporty feeling and the acceleration response and the luxurious feeling. I am happy with the 25 miles/gallon on my first tank of gas. It is a huge step up from my 04 325i that I still own. I am looking forward to a little snow at this point. Thanks from a happy bmw owner.
I have only owned this car for 3 days but I already love, love, love it! I previously had a volvo cross country wagon but wanted to sit up higher and have more pep. This car really delivers! It is so well made and handles beautifully. The drive is smooth, the seats are comfortable with great lumbar support, and the visibility is outstanding. Really a fun car to drive. 
This X3 rules in the mid size SUV market! I had a 2004 X3 with the 3.0 this 3.0 is upgraded to 260 horses and it runs! I have the manual and it says the 0-60 time is 6.8, with a K&N drop in I say my time is below 6.5! This baby can run! 
I had seen the reviews etc on the 06 X3 and since then, the interior has been vastly improved. Super quiet. Driving is a dream. Quick acceleration, great gas mileage in these times of higher prices. I actually have more interior room than my 04 Durango. Great braking and 5 front airbags for safety. This car is a head turner. Take a ride in one. When you return you will buy it!!
Exceptional upscale SUV. Handles like a fine car but has all the advantages of an SUV. Just purchased this SUV in late October but it has been a dream to drive. Interior has many improvements over previous years. Higher quality materials used. Also larger engine but with better mileage.
My 2007 X5 has been nothing but a nightmare and the worse vehicle I have ever owned. I've owned many new BMWs (3, 5, and two 7 series) but my X5 is a completely different experience. It is a loser, a huge disappointment in terms of quality control, problems, but the worse part is how BMW has handled the issue - which is VERY poorly. X5 was in for recurring service issues 2+ months in 1st 2 years for a series of false engine warning lights, Ele issues, rear hatch door problems, and cosmoline that drips onto glass/paint. No support from BMW. Had to retain attorney as BMW NA could care less. BMW NA Execs clearly more concerned with their stock options than long term customers. Bye bye BMW! 
I need to preface this by stating that my previous car was a 2002 745i, so I can handle anything gremlins can throw at me. So those individuals complaining about a few service issues are just whiners to me. So let's get to the heart of this. This car is a beast: It growls and snarls with the ferocity of a caged dragon. It throws you back into your seat and gives you butterflies in your stomach yet acts with the utmost refinement when traffics forbids its potency. The way its sport mode flies through its rpm bandwidth is breathtaking. It does everything extraordinarily & nothing mediocre. Its technology is prolific so glitches are par for the course. Drive one; it is truly beauty and the beast.
Beware the 07 BMW x5 re-designed 3.0 model has major flaws with the transmission. BMW has admitted to the issue and does not have a fix therefore recalls have not been sent out. A $60k car should not have a major fault. The car runs sluggish especially going up hills - it has a hard time shifting into the correct gear. The X5 does not accelerate well from a stopped position and it feels as if it is going to stall before it recognizes you are trying to accelerate. In the past 2 months my car has been in for service 5x times for a week at a time. I have been in contact with BMW North America at this point. BEWARE. 
I am amazed at how good the X5 is. A completely different vehicle to the old shape and to my surprise (didn't think it was possible to better that one) much, much better too. The iDrive is a little tricky at first but it's child's play once you get the hang of it. I test drove the Audi Q7 before and it drove like a tank with noticeable gear changes. All-in-all this is a great 4x4. I would recommend it but then again mine was made in Germany.
Great riding car. Great design. Terrible starting problems. Have had 4 random no start situation. Two in garage, but two out on roads where tow truck was needed. Car has been in shop 8 days with this problem and have not been able to find problem to date. Scary, as you don't know when it will not start. Am getting rid of car now and will buy a Lexus for dependability. I have been a BMW owner for last 20 years. They have over the teched the car. Was told it has over 50 computers in it. Problem is, how many work properly. Do not buy.
I have owned the X5 for only a year and twice now I encountered a parking brake malfunction. The first time this happened was on Thanksgiving day! Had to get the SUV towed from the gas station, manual hand brake feature would not work. Just today, just went to buy groceries and the parking brake malfunction went on again! Had to wait for tow truck for over 2hrs. No other options but to have SUV towed. Very inconvenient! And have to wait until Monday for dealership to open! Even more inconvenient! Other than this, had to change 2 tires twice due to nail punctures, run flats cannot be patched, spent over $1000! Changed one tire, SUV not even a month old! Not safe for long drives! DO NOT BUY!
My first BMW and my last. At 55k one would expect greater reliability. The cabin has been filled with squeaks and rattles, even the headrest squeaks. The dashboard has been taken apart twice. Consistent major malfunctions, abs, awd, hill descent, cruise, have shut down (5) times in less than a year w/out warning. Running boards are useless makes it difficult for entering, exiting vehicle. The 3.0 lags at low speeds, always needing to shift into sport mode. The ride over uneven road surfaces is punishing. Steering is very stiff always need 2 hands at low speeds. No available option for a remote start due to the complex wiring. The quality, material of the sunvisors is poor, not even a place for sunglass
The X5 with the V8 has nice acceleration and a throaty growl. The ride is noticeably harsher than our MB GL450 and neither really exhibits excessive body roll. On worn highways I often try to drive to the side to get a smoother ride. I really regret getting the side aluminum running boards, they make it much more difficult to get in and out. While many reviews say the iDrive is easy to learn, I sure wish BMW would add more dedicated buttons. The GL450 is much easier to use to access the map, radio, etc.
Traded in a porsche CS for the X5. The X5 is perky but not as fast as the CS. The X5 is nicer to drive on long trips and has features like bluetooth & ipod. Tire wear should be better and cheaper. The iDrive is a breeze to use as is the voice command function, very cool. Great suv but do your own homework.
Our X5 is a real winner with its good looks, surprising good gas mileage with average of 21+ on our very first trip, great handling and well thought out design. If I can't drive our 530Xi, I want to be behind the wheel of this vehicle. Comfort and heated seats are a must. The iDrive is easy; get over it. 
My loaded X5 has 14000 miles . Week 1, faulty oil line, spent 1 week at the dealer. 1 month later computer crash, 4 more days at the dealer. This month transmission failure ,1 more week at dealer. Now I am told that I need new tires for 2500.00. Yes the x5 is fun to drive and great looking but is not worth the price tag. Just bought my wife loaded 2007 MDX for 20000.00 less than the X5. It might not be the high performance machine but it has not been back to the dealer and it really has better options. Stay away from the X5. 
We have had our X5 for over a week now and we love it. After reading reviews I was a bit nervous with iDrive. However, it takes about an hour to master. We really love everything about our X5 and would recommend this vechicle to anyone interested. The only problem is we do not want to stop driving it. It is truly fun to drive!
For those new owners of a BMW X5 3.0si, there are several units with a problem with the A/C blower motor. If you have heard a grinding noise coming from the inside of the A/C vents, you have it! The part is in back order. If you haven't heard the noise, contact your dealer and ask if your car has the problem. Pray that your dealer is honest and will tell you the truth. Very, very frustrated with the brand. A $60K should be flawless. 
I love this car the ride is smooth, performance is outstanding. I have one word for this car, The Ultimate Driving Machine!!
Drives and handles superbly in comparison to the Mercedes ML350 and Lexus GX470. More features like run flat tires, xenon headlamps, etc., are standard equipment but on the others they are options; nicer looking and zero cost maintenance warranty, the kind of warranty you used to be able to get with a Mercedes.
This is my 4th BMW X5 and the first one I am not in love with. The interior is noisy. The transmission does not seem as responsive as previous models. The sport seats are not comfortable. The iDrive is very buggy. Has been in the shop several times already. My previous X5s never saw the shop once except for an oil change. Will try to sell this one. Kind of disappointed since for the last 10 years every car I have owned has been a BMW.
This new BMW X5 is a shocker. The SUV/SAV is so cheaply made on the interior that it buzzes and rattles over all roads. My 12-year old insisted that the back seats felt like sitting in the plastic bleachers at a school ball game. I like BMW and I'm shocked that this car ever left the test facility. It's all engine and suspension, and performs well, but the build quality is cheap. The leather seating surfaces are hard and felt like vinyl.
Other than fuel economy that comes from a 350 hp V8 in a 5,000 pound SAV the X5 4.8 is a blast to drive. The iDrive was not hard for me to pick up. I really like the sleek gearshift with it's two shift programs plus manual. The SAV is tight as a drum and no issues to report. 
Very nice SUV - we've had other BMWs but this is the first with iDrive and I agree, iDrive stinks. In spite of the iDrive this is the only SUV I have ever driven that is actually fun to drive. (We've had a few Denalis and Tahoes.) It drives like a BMW. Overall, it's a good car, fun to drive, I'd buy another. 
The navigation unit pales in comparison to that of Honda/Acura. The X5 is nimble, unmatched in its ability to handle quick turns. The acceleration is very good, considering the low gear takeoff. I found the steptronic transmission feature allows for smooth quick acceleration in M3 to M6. The transmission seems to work a little harder in M6 than in D6. I have 5100 miles on mine in 3 months. I really enjoy driving this SAV. The third row seat is only for kids under 5ft and under 120 ibs.
This is my 3rd X5, and was, I thought, a no brainer to purchase. Wrong! Part of my disappointment may come from the fact that my previous X5s were 4.0s This car feels underpowered and slow in many situations. The seats are very different from my old X5. I have yet to find a comfortable setting; have driven 10,000 miles so far. The X5 has changed its size slightly, but enough that it is difficult for a short person to enter. My runflat got a flat at 5,000 and they would not fix it, only replace it for $400+. Car has had some computer glitches; got towed away DEAD at 3,000; dealership never could figure it out. The info screen goes dead sometimes for no reason. Not a great BMW.
This car has issues. Please be aware that i-drive software is buggy and still a work in process. Many of the features do not work. Stupid stuff like tilt steering, brightness on display, push buttons for radio stations. Biggest issue with this vehicle is the problems many are having with the transmission. High revving and thump upon slow down. Car will spend much time in the shop.
I too had issues with the transmission not wanting to shift. Luckily I was near my home. Nonetheless, I took it in and a computer reset was done - haven't had the issue since. Otherwise, traded an 07 Escalade for this beauty. I love it and would recommend it to anyone looking for sporty driving as well as utility. 
This is my second BMW and my new X5 supports my previous statements about BMW being the best ownership I've ever had. This X5 does everything right. The computer controlled transmission operates exactly the same as if I was making the decisions myself. The X5 drives amazingly like the Porsche 911 I recently owned, probably because of the Sports Package and 20" wheels that I insisted on having. This SAV is as close to perfect as any of my previous vehicles.
I was so excited to get one of the first 4.8i's in production (November 2006) to the point that I never considered that the car would be anything but better than my old 2003 4.4. As of late April 2007 I'd take back my old 4.4 in a second. The new X5 is a pig. Much slower, less comfortable (the sport edition seats are incredibly uncomfortable)things like my cell phone can't charge when the car is off,and that unbelievibly annoying seat belt alarm (you can't put groceries on the passenger front seat as an example) makes really angry at BMW. And yes I will sell it shortly.
Picked up the X5 this month and put 800 miles on it the first weekend. Car handles great and is not even comparable to the Acura MDX (I have had two MDXs and this is a big step up). Test drove the new MDX and decided to go with the X5 even though it was more money. Car is rock solid.
Amazing handling, very responsive, particularly for it's size, feels smaller and lighter than it is. Interior design, very thoughtful and attractive. Bullet proof on ice and snow, Xdrive, sport package plus all the numerous electronic aids simply work. Over-engineered, takes much study and trial and error to use myiad systems. The iDrive is just plain tedious - flying the F16 was easier! Bottom line: if you like to drive, this is an easy choice over it's peers.
My 3rd & last BMW (two 7 series and this X5). With 1300 miles on my 4.8 X5 it had to be towed to shop while I was 800 miles from home when the electronic transmission would not shift. Computer updates were no help. As I write this from my motel room after 2 days of waiting, the factory folks are still scratching their heads. Other than the reliability issue the car is very rough riding. Wind noise is too pronounced for a luxury car selling at this price point. The ventilated seats are superior in overall comfort to the hard buckets which are standard. The runflat tires cost abt $500 each to replace and should be an option not standard! 
The X5 has been a pleasure to own and drive. BMW has made owning this car a pleasure to have with a wrap around warranty program that covers everything including brakes and always being available to cover your needs. The car in all the time I have had it, has only needed oil changes and a brake change. Thumbs up BMW.
After in-depth comparisons to Mercedes ML 320 CDI, ML500, Lexus GX 470 and Cadillac Escalade, the BMW X5 won me over quickly in a variety of areas from build and finish to actual ride, drive and handling. Most of the others offered spongy-swaying rides, not the X5. The V8 is a beast and the 6 cylinder is more than adequate and the mileage is much better. Certain option packages are well worth the cost like the Premium package, the Technology package, Sport package and definitely the Active Steering as well as the Comfort Assist. The Active Steering provides an incredible increased handling effect. And 4 yrs/50k mile bumper to bumper INCLUDING maintenance is sweet as well.
BMW has done an outstanding job with this redesign. The old and new X5 both perform well, but the new X5 adds REFINEMENT to the equation. Wind/road noise are hugely reduced. Interior quality is greatly improved. The sport package with active suspension hugs the road, yet gives very smooth ride quality with minimal lean in corners. Contour seats are excellent, although the active "massage" seats are a little weird (like having a python slowly undulate under the seat cushion). No squeaks, rattles. No defects. I tire of the computer-challenged press who constantly complain because they can't learn all iDrive features in a 10-minute test drive. I love the control it gives over vehicle functions.
Bought new 2007 X5 sight unseen. Ordered in October, picked up car in January. In gently rolling area the X5 3.0 seems underpowered. The transmission is constantly shifting and feels like it is straining. If you really put your foot on the gas, it's not as noticeable. Love the design, in fact am trading in for the X5 4.8. It's going to cost, but my mistake.
They did a great job revamping the car. Lots of power and stabililty. Upscale interior especially with the upgraded leather option. 
We waited 5 months for our 4.8 X5 since we had to order it and it has exceeded our expectations. It drives like the 5 series with excellent handling and power. The engine is quiet and the road noise is minimal. We originally had an MDX and it is steps up in performance, handling, and comfort. I highly recommend the sports package.
I bought the X5 in early January 07, was very close to getting the audi Q7, and have owned 3 other audis. But I wanted to try somthing different and glad I did! So far so good! This car is smooth, confident, and looks beautiful! I test drove all the midsize type SUV such as the Acura MDX, Mercedez ML350, Audi Q7 and Porsche Cayenne. I bought the X5 "demo" model so it already had 1000 miles on it. Was a little worried about that but no issues so far and all is covered under warranty. 
I absolutely love my new X5. My husband and I argue over who is going to get to drive it on a daily basis. We previously owned a 2005 X5 and loved that vehicle as well; however this new model puts that one to shame. Definitely the best SUV around!
This is one of the best handling SUVs (or SAV according to BMW) I've driven, equalled only by the new MDX. But what differentiates the X5 from the MDX are the tangible and intangible qualities of a BMW (handling, quiet cabin, solid build, "growl" of the engine, great styling and the looks you get on the street). We loaded the car up with lots of toys - let's hope it's as reliable as their airtight 4-yr maintenance program. The only areas of improvement are the unnecessarily complex iDrive and limited legroom in the 3rd row.
Absolutely a great X5. Had it for 3 weeks and love it. Wonderful driving experience. Acceleration and control put together beautifuly. I was waiting for this X5 after having a 3.0 before and I just love it.
This is my third X5 to own. The interior has been completely redone and is very nice. The new body shape is also very nice. It rides great and handles like all BMWs. The added 35 horsepower to the 3.0 is noticable.
The X5 is a great SUV. This is my second X5. It is a great car, dependable and comfortable, safe and has many features. 
This is my 5th X5 and it's a huge improvement over a vehicle that was already very good. It's quieter, smoother, more comfortable, handles better, has greatly improved interior convenience. The upgraded "contour" seats are outstanding. Sport package, technology package, premium sound system are worth the money. I'm one of the few who likes iDrive and this is the best one yet. I wish I had known that you can't see the heads-up display if you wear polarized sunglasses. Ventilated, massaging seats are probably not worth the cost. 3rd row seats add weight to the vehicle and will rarely be used unless you plan to haul elf-sized people or kids. Heads-up windshield display is not worth the money if you live in a sunny climate and wear polarized sunglasses. 350 hp is adequate, but it would be a much more exciting vehicle with an additional 30 - 40 hp. 
Just bought my X5 today after a long research. This is a real driver's SAV/SUV braking is excellent, this X5 really holds the road. 3.0 has plenty of power Third row seat small but how often do you need to haul 7 adults over 5'6". BMW made large improvements over the 2006.
The bottom line is that the car is great. Not a thing to complain about. The perfect everyday driver. The iDrive is easy and very intuitive. I would suggest using the memory keys and the voice commands while driving.
Other SUVs can't come close to the safety and drive of the X5. The X5 drives like a dream, handles like a car and, simply put, hugs the road! If you needed to swerve to miss something you feel very much in control in this vehicle. I would recommend this car to all. The 3rd row is just generic but the adjustable 2nd row makes up for it!!
Worst Car I've Ever Owned. Although the car is a head turner, I am anxiously counting the days until my lease is over and I can turn this horrible car back to the dealership. German suspensions are wonderful for flawless German roads, but unfortunately, the suspension is way, way too stiff for flawed American roads. The ride is HORRIBLE. I feel every bump in the road. The seats are poorly padded and after a half hour in the car I am ready to get out of it ASAP. Sadly, I took it from Washington DC to New York and by the time I got to my destination I wanted to leave it on the side of the road. That was the last road trip for it, now only use it because it is small and easy to park.
Great car, love the styling; straight-six sounds great and the manual gearbox is super-smooth. Love the seating position, as well as the interior space with the easy-folding top up. Very nice to drive, the car is very communicative and gives you lots of confidence, brakes are amazing and stop the car with little drama. My only complaint is with the interior build-quality. The one-piece door panels are great, but the steering column is tilted, a cup holder is broken (I don't even use them) and the transmission tunnel plastic trim squeaks when you rest your arm on it. Besides that, everything you touch is of high-quality and just driving it takes your mind off its few squabbles.
I've had my Z4 coupe 15 months and have 17,700 miles on it. First car I have "loved"! I'm 65 and behind the wheel, I feel like 25. I have driven just about all sport cars, but none have turned me on, like my coupe. I drove a Porsche on a race track once, but this coupe will beat that Porsche on any curve anytime. And I might add, for half the price. The Z4 coupe is and will be the only car for me. When I'm too old to drive, I'll sit in my rocker, rock the day away, while looking at my Z.
I bought this car as a retirement present present to myself (curiously, I see a lot of guys (mostly) my age driving these cars!). I have thoroughly enjoyed driving for short hops. I have taken 3 trips of 500 miles and this is not the car for it. The RFTs amplify the bumps on bad roads, and we all know what I-95 can be like. Other than that, it is so much fun to drive and cornering is a terrific experience. I have the 6-speed manual and wouldn't consider the automatic - that would just be wrong in a sports car.
When the Z4 came out to replace the Z3, I thought they ruined the idea. It's a much different car and when you drive it, you can forget about the Z3. The lines on the car all seem to fit and have purpose, even though I'm not a fan of the Bangle designs. I bought the Z4 3.0si convertible which is a fast car and looks unbelievable with the sport package and 18" wheels. The sport package completely changes the look and driving of the car, it's a must. It's fast enough even with the auto trans which has the paddle shifters. The extended leather and premium M seats are a must too. All the options raise the price, but if you're seriously considering this car, cost is not a concern. 
Nothing like completely changing a day as to hop into the Z and spring off into the night. Incredible driving experience and am lucky to have many windy roads to enjoy. Fun, fun, fun!
I purchased my Z4 for pleasure driving only (sunshine time). This was to replace my previous convertible of 5 years that I sold last year. After test driving numerous cars, once I sat in the Z4 I knew this was one for me. It amazes me every time I take it out for a drive! Usually there is a limit that a car can handle in driving performance but I still can't find it with this Z4. It's like "I can take that, I dare you to go farther!" Needless to say, this is a car that can get you in trouble. BMW really knows how to design and build an exceptional convertible. They have mastered what it takes to create an unparalleled driving experience. I am impressed.
Purchased mine certified used with 11000 miles on it. Very fun to drive! Looks fast, is fast. I rarely used to put the windows down in my old cars, but with this car I put the windows and top down every chance I get! I get many compliments on it--it is simply a sharp looking car and turns plenty of heads. I love how Z4s are not as widely popular as, say, a 3-series and that was a big reason why I purchased mine. If you're looking to buy, seriously consider the metallic silver color with premium package. With the sharp angles of the body styling, silver looks beautiful!
Wow, I compared this vehicle head-to- head with Porsche Boxter & new Audi TT. The classic design along with BMW safety and technology won me over hands down. 
This is by far the best vehicle I've ever driven. Simply a blast to drive, even with the ESP on. You'd be hard pressed to find a car that handles better. It inspires confidence going into every corner, and with skin off your face brakes and an unbelievably seamless ESP, even when the most OMG situations come up, you have the brakes and the control to avoid idiot drivers. The suspension is a little bit on the egg-beater side, but it's well within the range of comfortable, without sacrificing real performance. Basically, this car does everything you tell it to, making everything feel really easy.
I love the car. Bought it w/sport & premium package - no nav. I feel like I am driving a rocketship stereo with its the THX sound and direct aux for my listening to my iPod. It still has a few minor quirks (like remote door locks - sometimes the passenger side won't unlock w/the remote and have to unlock from the center button), which a car this price should not have. This is the first BMW I have purchased and now understand the obsession. There is no better feeling than putting it into "SD" (automatic trans) and seeing all the other cars left in the dust :)
When the worst thing you can say is that the cupholders need to be redesigned, you're on to something. This car is a head-turning, sleek machine with incredible control and power. Great fun to drive.
This review focuses more on the bad... fragile paint (scratches too easily), mostly plastic (can't wax out those scratches), annoying beeper (won't shut up for 1 minute, no chimes!), seat belt can't be adjusted (irritates neck), runflat tires sensitive (added air twice in 4 months), 6 speed manual doesn't shift smoothly, doesn't hold value (depreciated $13K < 4 months, so I'm stuck!), steering keeps driver way too active, ride quality on rough roads is unacceptable (feel every imperfection!), noisy with roof up, rattles. BMW engineers have ruined this car! Our 2003 Z4 was superior! Yep, I have high standards, especially when I pay $47K+ for a new BMW!
I was initially hesitant about buying a roadster, but after owning this for two months I wished I had purchase this sooner. Make sure you get the stick shift because that's half the fun. Also get the sports pkg with the sports mode and upgraded wheels. The sports mode provides livelier accel and steering. When driving the Z, the car is truly one with the driver (me). 
I wanted a little excitement in my life and this car really does the trick. It's so much fun to drive, I hate to get out of it. I leased the 3.0 convertible w/automatic trans and premium pkg. Punch this baby and you're on a roll. This car turns heads everywhere I go. It looks fast, it is fast, and it sticks to the road like glue.
Started with a 2.3 Z3, moved to 3.0 Z3 and now 3.0si Z4. This is the best one so far. Took me a few years to warm to the styling but now suddenly it clicked. The chassis is exceptionally stiff - as stiff as the Z3 coupe was. Makes a huge difference. The car feels of one piece and there are no rattles or creaks. Huge storage space in the trunk (for a 2 seater), excellent gas mileage, very powerful engine. A pleasure to drive.
A good 2nd car for fun in the sun, with great looks and handling, but not a suitable replacement for my 2000 540i. The wind noise on the highway and comfort on bumpy roads is not very good, so consider this for daily travel. More of a weekend "lets have fun" car. Personally I think our 2003 Z4's 5-speed shifted smoother and quicker and its ride was not so harsh (as I recall), so I'm a bit disappointed by this 2007 Z4. The 6-speed shifting bothers me the most, since I do a lot of it! (Oh well.) 
The car does what you'd expect... great acceleration, exhaust note, handling. When driven with the top up on those not-so-perfect days, there are a few rattles in the roof/seats. It's not as fast as a Vette off the line, but the seats are exceptionally comfortable, the THX stereo sounds awesome, and the nimble handling make it all worth while in the end. However, if you plan to do most of your driving with the top up or in the winter months don't bother!
I leased a 2007 BMW Z4 3.0si to use as a daily driver, as my wife drives our 2006 Land Cruiser. It did not take long to realize that this car is for weekends only! It is cramped and the ride over older roads will knock fillings out of your mouth! That said, it is a great sports car. The handling, transmission, and power are great. It is an absolutlely fun car in the cool of the morning or for a romantic drive in the evening, but it is not intended to replace a sedan. I am taking the penalty to get the 2008 535i!
What a fun car to drive. Get heated seats no matter where you live. Great feeling when top is down. Get the M seats. The Nav is great today ties in to radio and phone and great maps. Double click remote and you can put top down before entering car. Get the prem package and sport package. Get Xenon lights and hard top prep. Sport button is awesome great driving stability control sytem. Entended leather is awsome. Wanted automatic transmission thus the 3.0si. 265 HP plenty but if you just want manual and 355 HP go for M. It's a fun fun fun car. 0 to 60 in 6 secs. Fast rides great feels great. Heads turn when they see. 
This car is a definite good buy. I have leased this 2006 BMW Z4 3.0i and so far I have been satisfied. The overall perfomance is great but one thing I would rather have is front wheel drive instead of rear because it affects driving in rain. Since I live in Las Vegas the rain is not an often issue, but when it actually rains I have to watch out and drive carefully on turns. Gas mileage is rather typical for 3.0. Interior design is not what I have expected and this is my biggest disappointment. It really looks cheap maybe because I am used to Audi's unusual design but still this is not so good for a BMW.
I don't know if there is another car as fun to drive as this.
I leased this car back in 07 and have not had one problem. My dealer ran a computer search for the CXS in the color and options I wanted. For me it fits my needs perfectly, love the remote start, sport tuned suspension(FE3), 3.6 dohc engine is excellent and still gets good gas mileage. 
I was driving a Maxima for some time and wanted a change. I was convinced to buy American when I really didn't want too. If I knew then what I know now I would never have gotten this Buick LaCrosse. This Buick has been to the dealership 5 times for ONE problem; something with the steering column. I was given an extended warranty by Buick but that did not work. It's still not working right. The car is going back for round six and the SAME ISSUE. I am never going with American cars again. Thanks Buick for making such great American products. HA 
Swapped a '98 Regal w/ 163000 miles for this honey. No one has mentioned the greatly improved driver's seat - this one needs no extra firming to make it tolerable on a long drive! Room is adequate for us and I am impressed by Buick's overall long-term reliability. This 3rd Buick in 20 years. My only negative is that the rearview mirrors create some strange blind spots that have to be considered at all times.
Excellent to great car. I have driven GM cars for over 30 years. Only problem experienced so far is the catalytic convertor was replaced this week, with 24,000 plus miles. Bought the car as a demo for the PGA tournaments. The converter is covered under the warranty. I thought GM had the converter problem resolved years ago. Still enjoy the car. A bit small in size.
Had a Regal before this. I like this car a lot better although the Regal got a little better gas mileage. Other than this no complaints
Only thing I wish was better is fuel economy (I get around 18-20 in town) Otherwise, I love everything about this car. I've had it about 4 months now and I love driving it. Mine is black and I have to say, (no offense to anybody) I've seen it in several colors and this car just looks better in black. I added a spoiler and got the windows tinted and it looks sweet! Gets lots of compliments from young and old. Everybody likes this car.
In my effort to downsize I went a little too small. Cabin is cramped for me & backseat is tight. Needs a modern engine & 6-speed transmisson. Flat spots in the power ranges due to lack of gears. It is a very nice car that is smooth & quiet for its size & price. No problems except for recalls.
When I bought this car, I felt for the first time buying a car that I got a car that gives me more bang for my buck. The safety features in the car are great. Front and side air bags, traction control. The car is very confortable and does very well for gas mileage I have the CXL and I'm getting about 32 mpg on the highway. Very sturdy vehicle, safe and well worth the money if you are looking into getting a family car. 
The car is like a standard transmission on hills. You have to be quick from brake to gas because it will roll back. I am having trouble getting tires balanced. Dealer replaced all four tires on car because they could not be balanced. I am still having trouble on rear tires. They have been balanced three times. I am taking the car back to try again. I have 2500 miles on car at this time. The radio skips stations. I was told by dealers that the transmission was normal, to me it is a danger as cars pull up close behind. I have been back to dealer so much I am taking a rest for a while.
I traded my 2001 Century for the 2007 LaCrosse. Bad mistake. Interior is small. Everything inside is plastic and rattles all the time. It has rattled since I drove it off the lot with 5 miles on it. Chrome and fake wood reflect sunshine bad and streetlights relfect bad off of it at night. Those pieces also rattle. Took it to the dealer and they said nothing could be done about the rattling. Windshield leaks air and has a whistle at 60 mph. Gas mileage stinks. Century got 10 mpg better even after 150,000 plus miles. Trunk is very hard to shut. Large trunk but small opening. Rough ride with a lot of road noise. I'm very disappointed in this car. 
Try it, you'll like it. Smooth ride and solid power. Use the underrated editor reviews and the grandpa image to get a bargain from the dealer. I found mine after it had been sitting on a lot for 2 months - deal of a lifetime. 
I have owned many GM cars including Buicks. My LaCrosse is the best yet. I like everything about it. I have everything on it except remote start and enjoy all features. The backing light warning feature is great, heated seats, sat. radio, etc. But I really must compliment GM on the OnStar feature. I love having the hands free phone, emergency help, door unlock service, and emails monthly from my car about its performance. OnStar makes me feel safer when I'm driving alone. Thanks for a great ride and driving experience.
I absolutely love this auto. Superior if not equal to the so called fancy imports. The interior design is flawless; inside and out. All of the outside and inside panels are a complete match,as a result of excellent quality from GM. I would take this car over an Accord or Camry any day.
Overall, very satisfied, but have a few warnings. MPG is hopelessly below what the EPA sticker says (barely get 20mpg in city). Although the trunk is voluminous, the opening is smaller than the Century and I find it difficult to get large objects inside. And whoever put that piece of chrome across the middle of the dash so all sunlight from 10am to 2pm shines directly in the driver's eyes needs to be flogged. 
Driving compartment feels cramped, parking seems to require more effort on the steering wheel. Closing the trunk lid requires you to put your hands on the trunk to close the lid. Needs a handle.
I researched this car for a few months and decided on the Buick rather than a small Lexus or Mercedes. The new JDE Power dependability ratings make me feel really good about my selection. Cannot say anything bad about the car. Lively in tight situations while still exhibiting the Buick trademark smooth ride. Great fit and finish. Very pleased. A "grown up" car you don't have to be a grandfather to love.
Mixed highway/suburban mileage driven in flat to somewhat hilly areas. Average mileage per gallon between fill-ups rarely reaches 20mpg. Given Japanese competition that's rather surprising. Our 2001 LeSabre does it better. Was forewarned by Consumer Reports, but bought the car nevertheless, because I liked looks and ride.Time Elapsed feature doesn't work; outside temperature gage is off by at least five degrees (too high); clock has lost two minutes in three months of ownership. For my next purchase. I'll try and overcome my "Buy American" hangup, if necessary. 
Just driving from the dealer after the purchase and driving home, I found the ride to be smooth and very quiet. With the acustical laminate glass, there is no wind noise. Quick response when passing. Under-rated by the editor. this is my third GM vehicle and I plan to stay with GM. 
We are absolutely thrilled with our LaCrosse. It is luxurious and exilerating. I look for reasons to leave the house just so I can drive the LaCrosse. The 3.8l V-6 needs no urging and jumps at the chance to run like the wind! It dives into corners with an unquenchable hunger and the traction control adds a new level of control. The car is almost alive in it's ability to know how to get through the corners. You don't drive a LaCrosse, you command a LaCrosse! We've never been so thrilled by a "luxury" sedan.
Car magazines under rate this car, while owners rave about them.Lets start with the outstanding good looks of the vehicle, no other car can compare to it for looks. So I would advise those who test these cars to "look again" and rate them more fairly. If you had to buy a car for your own use you would want one of these.
My intentions were to purchase a Honda Accord for the gas milelege and resale. When I first look at the Lacrosse in May without the Chrome Package & it looked plain to me. I drove the car 1500 miles on vacation last week and what a ride. I want to commend Buick on the ride, performance, and most of all the gas milelege for a new car. Wow, 30MPG. What a great car. I never was so pleased 
Bought an '07 with little over 4,000 miles. We were impressed with the extras, remote start, dual climate control among many others. We get tons of compliments on this car. Only suggestion would be to add air vents in back for back seat riders. Overall, the best car we have owned by far. The ride is very smooth, the power is awesome.
This car has many nice features, but I am very dissappointed it dosen't have memory seats, rain sensing wipers, heat/ac temp. control on steering wheel, and no rear seat heat/ac ducts on a $33000. vehicle. I also miss the heads up display on my previous Buick. This car will have a short time in my garage for these reasons only.
I have the performance engine and it is great! I also like the chrome accents that are optional and the chrome wheels. We get outstanding comments on this car. The light leather interior is perfect!
I had every intention of purchasing the '07 CXL with leather, heated seats and all the goodies but the price tag seemed a bit steep. I looked at a 2007 CX with 12,111 miles on it, no leather, no heated seats but bought it anyway. I am so glad I did because it is really a quiet, well mannered car (and I saved $10K). It is an absolute pleasure to drive and the fit and finish inside and out are excellent. I am very happy with this car and believe it stacks up well compared to the equivalent Toyota and Honda.
I have been in the car business for many years. I have yet to find a car that handles this well or rides as quiet at the LaCrosse. Happy with gas consumption as well. If you're looking for a great, roomy ride in this car class, you just have to drive one.
We have had this car one month and love it. We looked at the Accords and Camry, but this car afford all the quailty and reliability with the benefit of added interior room. The 3.8 engine provides tremendous torque and we can get 31 mpg highway. It is very quiet and comfortable on the road. 
The LaCrosse CXL is a real winner. It is quiet and fun to drive on the freeway and good and responsive at city driving. It has a very smooth suspension and quiet ride. I recently travelled with friends and at the end of the trip everyone commented on how rested they felt. 
My only problem with the 2007 is the non retracting side mirrors. i live in a metro city on small street and still dont understand why car manufacturers dont make this a S.O.P. Obiviously they dont have to pay to have their side mirrors replaced annualy. Not to mention the smokers package i wont start on that you non smokers should keep your hands out of my pocket. 
This car is at the top of the heap as for as I'm concerned. Quiet the word here. Plenty of power from the proven 3.8 V6 engine. 28 mpg. Styling, comfort, roadhandling, all excellent. A ton of car for the money. $24k sticker and lots of GM incentives make this a spectacular investment. Finally GM has got it right with this one! A lot of thought to details went into this vehicle. Leasing is a very afordable option to owning this great car. We just love this vehicle of all the previous cars we have owned.
Much improved over Century, attractive interior, quiet ride and lots of convenient gadgets, fun to drive has all comforts and feel of larger car. Very solid, excellent finished product.
I have owned this car for 2 years, and have had absolutely zero problems with it. It does 0 to 60 in 9 seconds, plenty fast enough for me, and has a magnificent ride. I have had several complements from total strangers on how beautiful it looks: I have the blacked out grill with ming blue. The aluminum wheels are nice. Anybody who compares this car with an Avalon or Azela(?) or Ford Taurus/Mercury Sable is completely out of their mind! My only complaint is the fuel mileage: I get 26 on the open road - not as good as the 29 I got with my 2000 LeSabre.
Sometimes it feels like the only way I could get the gas mileage to be better is if I pushed it with the engine off! I cannot get this over 21mpg I am not an aggressive driver. I set the cruise between 65 and 70 yet still the avg MPG never goes above 21 on the highway, Sometimes I feel that I should have bought the V8, at least I would have had some power with my cruddy gas mileage (or I may have even gotten better mileage with the V8). Why did GM kill the 3.8? 2000 LeSabre had 15 more hp, better torque and 33mpg on the highway. What/why did they change it? 
The car gives 28 miles per gallon. The seats are very uncomfortable. We have to use cushions to drive it. Can't see the speedometer in the daytime. It should be brighter (still a nice car). Trunk could be bigger
Car was a dealer demo. I was sold based on a test drive. It was and remains very quiet and luxurious feeling in that aspect. However, the driver's seat left side molding cracked and broke of its own accord, with a quarter-sized piece popping off and landing in the driver's foot well. Now, two weeks later, it seems like the entire driver's door interior panel is trying to separate from the metal, with a give of at least an inch when closing the door. Two months ago, the OnStar stopped working on its own and took 3 tries to fix. Handling feels weird at 45 mph like Cruise is taking over on its own. Very disappointing all around and I wish I could have my Chrysler 300 back.
I have owned many cars in my life, but this Buick has almost everything, from the OnStar to a custom paint job. The comfort level is perfect and my mileage is 17 city 33 hwy. I can't wait to buy one for my wife.
This is not my 95 Roadmaster but I didn't expect it to be. Mileage is a little disappointing with the 6 cylinder, 17-19 city 28.5 - 30.6 Highway excellent fit and finish, like the driver info center. plenty of leg room. head room when entering could be better.
Have over 22,000 miles and love this Buick. Have had zero problems. Car is very comfortable and especially quiet. I get 21.5 mpg in all around driving. I find seats are very comfortable even after long trips. It is a great car!
I own a 2003 Buick Park Avenue, and I bought the 2007 Lucerne CXL in February 2008 as a retirement vehicle. It only took one 400 mile trip to make me appreciate my Park Avenue, and be glad that I did not sell or trade it. I love the way the Lucerne handles on a rainy road; however, the seats are not comfortable, the gas mileage is poor, the entry and exiting process is a torture for me at 6' 2'', and left turns and parking are a chore. My long road trips will continue to be made in the Park Avenue. My wife can drive the Lucerne around town. I will only buy another Buick if they improve on the issues mentioned.
Bought new. Classy looks, smooth and quiet ride, fun to drive. Satisfied with gas mileage, e.g., 31mpg on highway and 19.5mpg suburban driving. Blind spots at center and front roof supports. DIC extremely helpful. Dimming mirror great for night time driving. Front seat lumbar supports too high. 'Had to buy seat pillows for driver and front passenger seats. Rear seats slanted too sharply, making it hard to get out...especially for elderly. OnStar system easy to use. Only one repair was needed in 14 months (steering). 
Bought this car new over a year ago. Love the design, smoothness & quietness of ride. Get 18.5-20.5 mpg suburb driving and 27-31 mpg on trips. Reasonable pickup. Arrive at distant destinations rested. Somewhat difficult getting in and out, especially for elderly. Seating comfortable but non- adjustable lumbar support too high (I'm 5'll")and seat seems short front to back. A 2 1/2" seat pillow corrected the lumbar problem. Roof supports create dangerous blind spots that took six - eight months to accommodate. Inside trunk release button awkwardly located. After 14000 miles, no mechanical problems. 
Bought this car one year old when my Avalon started acting up down in Florida. Drove 800 miles one day heading North, never could have driven that far with my Avalon and the horrible seats. This Lucerne is far superior to my old Avalon. Have had new Caddy's Saabs, and my Toyota Avalon, this is by far the best car I have owned!
The Lucerne CXS is a very quiet, comfortable sedan with decent handling. The ride is soft, smooth, but, predictable. We (and other riders) are impressed with GM's OnStar performance as well. Seats are comfortable and infinitely adjustable for tall or short drivers. The NorthStar V8 under the hood is a GEM, delivering quiet,smooth solid power. You get a Cadillac in sheep's clothing with the CXS. Road trips are a pleasure!
Just turned 25,000 miles today. The computer says I should need my third oil change at around 30,000 miles. So far two oil changes have been 100% of all repairs and maint. Has not been to the dealer since the day I picked it up. How many Lexus owners can say that? While almost no one knows what it is (the styling is a little too bland) all agree it looks inside and out like a modern luxury sedan. Love the sound of the Northstar with dual exhaust. Even with my less than gental driving I average over 19 mpg. With $3.25 gas I guess I would probably buy the v-6 if I had to do it again however.
Bought this as a left over and got a good deal. We replaced our 98 Regal GS with this car and have not been thrilled with the mpg. The dealer tells us everything is working fine and there is nothing to fix, the estimates are based on an outdated criteria that is not realistic. We are averaging less than 20 mpg combined highway/city. Even on long trips we do not see an appreciable gain. Otherwise the car is well made, quiet and very comfortable (bench seat in front), and at 6'4" that is saying something. For the first 1000 miles there was an annoying vibration int he front during breaking, but as the dealer predicted this has gone away
As a long time Park Ave owner, I was spoiled. This Lucerne is no Park Ave! Window sticker showed 28 mpg highway and I have not gotten close to that, 26.3 is best I have gotten and mostly 24 to 25 mpg. On the '04 Park Ave (on the same trips) I would get 31 to 32 mpg. Same engine they say but Buick says they changed the gear ratio and I ask why and get no answer. I find it difficult to get in and out of and the head room is poor. My next car will not be a Buick Lucerne, unless they improve on the fuel economy. 
This is not my father's buick. We switched from a Mercury product due to styling, leg room, rear seat room.I am 6'-6" tall and this gives me the room! We can manage about 29MPG on the open road and about 21MPG every day driving, all with regular gas! It has been mistaken for a Lexus ES350 on several occassions. 
Prior to the purchase of the new 2007 Buick Allure CXL (Lucerne in the US) I noted a vibration in the steering and seat at 60 - 70 mph. I was informed by the dealer this would be taken care of. After a wheel balance and replacement of tires the vibration did not disappear. I am not satisfied after paying over $38,000.00 and expect GM to correct the problem. This is my 5th or 6th Buick purchase and I have never encountered this before. The console cup holder design; inside storage; storage at the back of the front seat storage has been greatly limited from previous models. The right hand windshield wiper does not clear road smudge very well. The ride is much quieter and smoother.
I love my new Lucerne, however I do find it a little difficult to get in and out of. Wish the trunk open button was is a move conivent place (believe this has been changed for 2008). Wish there was a lock on gas door. Open from inside of car, and find it hard to use ATM from car. 
I have found that My Lucerne CSX is one of my better purchases from my previous GM cars. I have been compimented about my Lucerne. I have had people that have commented on the ride, the quiteness, the sport car type handling. I just say with the price of gas today. It is the only drawback, in as far of not getting good gas mileage. But one has to expect that when you have 275 horses to pull you around. All in all I would recommend the Buick Lucerne to all those that would be considering a Japanese equivelent. Quailty, performance, price, and better warranty than those from the Pacific rim. No contest! 
I have purchased several new Ford Taurus' and one used Lincoln LS since 1988. The 2004 Lincoln LS does not have enough leg room in the back and even though it had bumper to bumper, a wheel bearing, drum, and 3 rims were replaced. Also a recall with a problem in the steering column, I lost all confidence and decided to go with GM. We purchased the last new 2007 CXL Lucerne after test driving the 2008 Sable and Taurus. The Buick felt safer and is built better. With the OnStar and other nice features (including the depreciation difference)we are glad to have a well built, comfortable and dependable car.
I love cars and I am considered a car nut by everyone that knows me. I have owned over thirty cars and have driven countless more in my persuit of the perfict one for me. I never make a purchase without very extensive investigation. If anyone ever told me that my favorite car would be a Buick, I would instantly recommend they seek professional counseling! The 2007 Buick Lucerne CXL is dollar for dollar pound for pound the best inexpensive (23,000) car I have ever owned. There is nothing on the market today that even comes close for the price. I know because I drove everything in the price range of under 30,000 including Nissan, Toyota, Honda, Chevy, Ford and Chrysler. The car is irresistable
Bought it because it was pretty and felt comfortable. After a week of driving to and from work (40 miles per day), my lower back began to hurt. After three weeks I was unable to drive the car. Driver and passenger seats have no lumbar support. Back seat is comfortable. Traded cars with my husband. He now has to drive with cushions on back of seat. Dealer was of no help. They recommended having an upholsterer rebuild the seats which we will try. We like the very quiet ride and many of the features. Headliner is of poor design with raw edges front and back. Cup holder design is poor.
Dollar for dollar, this car is the best in its class. I purchased a base model for about $23,000 and at that price none of the other vehicles mentioned was even close in ride, power, or equipment. The Chrysler 300 in that price range is incredibly spartan in the interior and has a seriously underpowered 2.7L V6. While the 300 and Toyota handle better, this is clearly due to both vehicles' wider stance and lower profile tires, which necessarily create a rougher ride. If the owner simply wants a powerful, quiet, smooth riding car, rather than one which will take exit ramps at 60 mph, the Lucerne is it.
With a few exceptions the Lucerne is a fantastic automobile. It drives and rides like a dream and is the quietest vehicle I have ever ridden in. The drawbacks: visability is poor - can't see where the front or rear is in the case of parking - windows too high obstructing visibility in tight parking areas, can't see parking slot markings. Don't campare vehicle with it's competition in close proximity because the rough sounding 3800 V6 just doesn't sound like something coming from a real classy car. Gas mileage is also 6 to 7 MPG less than my 03 Lesaber with same engine/trans, etc. Softer leather on the seats would also help. Even with these problems, it's a fine road car.
When making a left turn, the side view mirror and the wide A pillar block your view of the road. Car was delivered with a faulty Body Control Module (computer) resulting in intermittent error messages. My 2001 Park gave a smoother ride. Fit and finish were very good. Complex electronic driver controls are difficult to master,esspecially for seniors.
I cannot get rid of the vibration, and the seats are uncomfortable. The cooled seats only cool a small portion. The rear of the car looks like a$10,000 car, not a $35000 car
The seats are too small and the seats do not cool as they should. The entry and exit system is a laugh. The only real problem I have had is vibration. I took it back to the dealer, but it did not help. It is not a good buy at $33000.
Owned this vehicle for a week now. Great ride! Quiet cabin interior. Has all the options that I was looking for in a luxury car. It is like I am riding on air. Engine is quiet and I barely notice it--only in high exceleration. Ride is smooth and car handles well in traffic. Recently, JDP has given this 2007 Buick Lucerne a favorable quality rating with Lexus. No problem operating the features of the car and; handles well on the highway and; so far good milege in the city. Some consumers have made quality complaints about their car and I have yet to experience them. Overall, so far, no lemon here! Again, for me this is a fine luxury car not at the high end price! 
Traded in 1999 Park Avenue Ultra. I have bought many new cars in the last 40 years. This Lucerne I feel is by far the finest one of all. Great comfort, good fuel ecomy. Took trip with crise on and got 27.5 miles to the gallon. A very enjoyable car to own and drive. Extremely quiet and a joy to drive. 
I have had SUVs for the past 10 years, the ride from my CXL is impressive. The standard features in the CXL are admirable. I am not impressed with the fuel economy at this point in time. A well constructed quality auto.
I have had the car only 600 miles and today as I opened the front driver side door the door handle pulled out of the door frame. It took me a good while to try to get it back in so that I could get into the car. I finally did but have no idea whether the same thing will happen again. I have just had it into the dealer to repair a dent in the make ready opearation and hate to think about having it tied up for another long trip to the dealer. Are others having trouble indicating such sloppy workmanship? Such a mishap makes me wonder whether I can trust the car or not. The so-called cool seats do not cool much of the seat. 
For once a hasty decision on my part turned out good. Upon leaving my sister's home after a two week visit and having my old car all packed to return to Florida, it wouldn't start! I'd had problems with it before. Sister screams at me to buy a new car. I remembered my nephew a day earlier telling me about the Buick Lucerne. A car with class and enough room for my 6'5" frame.I dismissed his opinion. I've never thoughtabout owning a Buick? Sister dialed a family friend and handed me the phone. Turned out to be a salesman for the Buick dealer I was so stressed i told him to work me a deal and he did. a Lucerne!.The return trip to Florida was fantastic.. I love the car! 
I absolutely love my Lucerne. I've had foreign and domestic cars, but decided to come back to American made cars. I researched and compared approx 5 vehicles before chosing the Lucerne and all of my friends and family love it as well. I get told from teenagers that it's a "hot" car, all the way to people in their 70's plus who just love it. Out of all the cars I've owned...and that's been many, this is my very, very favorite! I wish I could buy one for everyone I know so they could have as much fun as I do. It's like driving a Cadillac on a smart budget. You get all the comfort, bells and whistles, while being able to keep some money in your pocket. Go Buick! You did great!
I finally relented and traded in our 1998 Aurora with 105,000 miles. It had virtually no problems. I did not want a Cadillac yet and will never buy an import vehicle. With Oldsmobile gone I turned to Buick and leased a black 2007 Lucerne CXS with the Cadillac Northstar 4.6 litre V8. The Buick now has three "Wildcat" badges from the 1968 version and has the style to go with the name. GM should have brought back a name like Wildcat rather than Lucerne. In California a "Lucerne" is a half gallon of milk from Safeway, not a county in Switzerland!
This is not a Park Avenue. Was told by salesman this was the replacement. The car is not very comfortable at all; after about 45mins, your lower back/rear end really start to ache. Lent the car to my secretary, she made the same comment. Have also had the front air deflector fall off 3 times at highway speeds, which Buick will not replace as a warranty item. Finally tore it off and just drive without it. Heated seats work well, but the AC seat function cools about a 3x8 inch strip of the seat near your crotch, nothing more. If you want a car for long drives, look elsewhere
I have only had the car since July, but I enjoy driving it. It is a very quiet and smooth riding car So far, the mileage has been good. 
This car has all of the bells and whistles. OnStar is great, and I love satellite radio built in. Comfortable seats and stylish interior. The outside of the car looks sharp. It has the quiet tuning, so it is smooth and quiet inside the car. Just a real elegant, sophisticated driving experience. American made quality, with refined luxury. I'm only 36 and all of my friends rag on me for getting a Buick, but now that I own one I see why all of the older guys out there buy them over an over again!
 For a big car it is small inside. The seats are not comfortable. Very little elbow room between seats. In the first year the car has been back at the dealership for four weeks. I have had a lot of electrical problems, erratic fan blower twice and remote entry failure. The owners manual says that the climate control is suppose to automaticly cool and heat with remote start, it does not. The dealership tells me it is not suppose to. I guess the owners manual must be wrong, not! I have had it back twice for a knock in the steering column. Turning radius is no very tight. Have to make wide turns when entering head in parking spot
I traded in a Toyota Avalon for the Lucerne. From the rear they look similar. Beaautiful car. Very comforrtable, heated seats a must for my wife. Milage very good. Engine a little noisy, but not bad. Over all quitness is great. 
We purchased our Buick Lucerne on May 10th. The Buick Lucerne with the 3800 V6 Series III engine was the best choice for our needs. In June we made a 2,035 mile trip to North Carolina. We enjoyed a most confortable ride, it was quiet and with the added secure feeling provided by the OnStar system. Today fuel economy is important and on 1,379 mile of mostly Interstate we averaged 30.2 MPG, and on 656 miles of rurual travel we averaged 27.4 MPG. I was pleased with this performance on our first road trip. The Lucerne is definitely in the class with the Avalon and Chrysler 300. 
This Buick is a very nice road car and rides very well. The fuel economy is very good also. The appointments are also very well coordinated. However the memory on the seats and outside mirrows were not a very easy learning process.
Difficult entry and exit. Doors swing closed when trying to exit. Owner options on computer difficult to do. I liked the LaSabre 2005 much better.
I love the comfort in my car. I am in sales and bring many clients out and I hear all the time "this is a Buick" or "That's an American Car". A few of my friends that bought other cars will say they wish they had riden with me first before they made their purchase. I also love that I get an email each month telling me where I am with tire pressure, oil, and other maintenance. My wife will trade in our BMW X5 for the new Enclave.
Had vehicle one week and it broke down, bad wiring at factory. Had it towed and problem resolved. Not happy with gas mileage. Traded a 2000 Cadillac which had same type engine. Northstar V8. Hopefully, the Buick will measure up in time, since gas prices are up.
This is a great car to drive, very very quiet, great sound quality with the XM radio, CD, and IPOD. The car offers a lot of space, even in the back, I love the styling. Turn by turn navigation is great. My wife titled the car "Flying Sofa" as riding it is like sitting in your living room. This car replaced a 2003 Mercedes ML350. 
Buick has really got it right with the Buick Lucerne. The ride, comfort, quality and quiet rival luxury cars costing thousands of dollars more. This car offers many features found on only the most expensive luxury cars. You get the big car feel when driving this car. The quiet ride is very impressive. GM has a winner here. They need to get this vehicle in front of the public. I have received many positive comments from people when I have been fueling my car. If you are looking for real luxury at a non luxury price, the Buick Lucerne should be at the top of your list of cars to consider.
I have owned this CXS for a month and I love it. The magnetic ride control and huge tires on this model provides a far better ride than my 2006 Caddy STS that I traded. This is a great highway cruiser. Very comfortable and extremely quiet. You're getting a DTS Cadillac chasis and engine at a Buick price. The white gold flash tricoatfinish and the beautifully finished chrome wheels makes this a real headturner and I have had several favourable comments from passers by. Truly, GM isnt doing itself any favours by hardly advertising this Buick. It is the best car I have owned. If you are considering a Lexus E-350 or full size Chrysler Hemi, this car warrants a test drive
Looked at Toyota Avalon and Ford 500, as well as the Lucerne but continued to go back to Lucerne and traded my 2003 LeSabre for the 2007 Lucerne CXL. Rides like a dream, highway mileage is great, city not so good but no terrible for a car this size. Fit and finish outstanding and the body style turns heads. Get lost of compliments. A relative liked mine so well he just purchased one as well. 
I have just purshased this vehicle. It gives the most quiet ride I have had in any automobile I have owned. It provides ample room inside. 
This is the fifth Buick I have owned and is by far the best assembled. The ride is firmer than other Buicks I have had and it makes driving more fun.
Great ride and handling. Great styling. Sportier looking than Toyota Avalon or Cadillac DTS (two of my other considerations). Lots of head and leg room both front and rear (and I'm 6'1"). Interior layout is great (all cotrols are right where they should be). Quality is first class. Not one problem to report after six months of ownership. Forget the Northstar V8 and stick with the 3800 V6 engine. Its a solid engine with a long track record. I had it in my '92 LeSabre and it was still going strong at 200,000 miles. Getting around 22 MPG in town and averaged 31 MPG highway on a recent 700 mile trip. 
This car is a head-turner. It has as much or more style as a much more expensive luxury car. The optional packages are loaded with great features and are a terrific value. The interior is roomy and comfortable. The controls are within easy reach, attractive, and laid out nicely. It has a quality fit, look and feel. The standard sound system is exceptional and OnStar is a lifesaver - it has an integrated phone and navigation service. The car's exterior does not look cheap. I would prefer if it didn't have the side vents, but I've gotten used to them. It is a solidly made car. I wish the car had a little more power, and a 5 or 6 speed transmission.
Many features are very difficult to master. Even the seat controls are difficult to master. The width of the driver's floorboard is not wide enough for comfort and seem to crunch large feet. I do like many of the features such as backup warnings and overall appearance. If I had the purchase to do over I would select a different vehicle.
Fun car! Took to the dealer for a minor adjustment. (2400 miles) They did a recall on the remote control. Today, the ABS warning light, the traction control warning light, and the tire pressure monitor warning light came on and stayed on. Now, we will see if the dealer can undo the miscue. Slightly less "get-up-and-go" of my LeSabre. Otherwise I am pleased with the overall performance and looks of the car.
Close tolerences. Beautifully toned exhaust pipes and 275 powerful horses for get up and go. Put that with a quiet ride, a super suspension, a Karmon Harman sound system and you have a great car for under $40,000.00. It's built in one of the manufacturing facilities in the country, the BOC Plant in Hamtramak, MI. It matches up favorably with my Lincoln Mark VIII, Chrysler 300, and Missan Maxima. Try it. You might like it.
I looked first at comparable Japanese cars and discovered GM still does many things better!! This Buick performs and rides excellently, is quiet and comfortable. Its design is not as spectacular as Chrysler 300 but has a feel of quality. 
This car had some vibration when new but cleared up in a few days. Very nice car. Highway trip fuel economy not fully tested yet. Not powerful but entirely adequate.
Buick is back. I own a 2007 Lucerne CXS and with the Northstar v-8 and the magnetic ride suspension, it rides and handles better that the Lexus I had, and is quieter too. Mileage with the V- 8 is around 20 mpg for me with a combo of intown and highway driving. On the road doing 80 I get around 24..in town around 18. No creaks or squeaks yet, this is the most solid feeling car I've ever owned.
This could really be a hit for GM, but the engine problems that have affected it are not going to help. I have been having a pinging noise with the V-8. GM acknowledged there is a problem with this engine. Yet they continue to sell it. It did not make the noise when purchased, it started at about 1,000 miles. GM indicated this usually happens around 20K miles. Interesting to find out when they wanted my money they did not bother to tell me about potential problems. Now that they have my money they will only give me that they are working on the problem. I'm not satisfied with their answer. Knowing they had a problem, the option should have been pulled. Poor development by GM.
Originally considering a smaller sedan, I went out and compared estimated mileage and prices. Honda, Nissan, Toyota, and Volkswagen came up short on the quality and attractiveness end, and did not offer substantial mileage savings when models were compared head-to-head on power and price. My CXL has high-end stereo, great looking leather, sunroof, remote start, and is one of the best looking sedans on the road. Ranks with BMW and Cadillac on looks, for the price of an ugly Japanese car.
We love our new Lucerne, except for the air noise that comes in through the windows. We purchased it for fuel economy, comfort and the advertised guarantee of quietness. We average about 24 MPG on the road and it is comfortable. But the door/window design must be flawed because the air noise that comes through the windows at speeds over 45 mph is awful. It is like driving in a wind tunnel. The dealership promises to replace the gaskets around both of the front doors, so we hope that this helps. Just make sure that you test drive on a highway where you can drive over 45 MPH before you buy this vehicle. 
When driving during the day without lights, the three dials on the instrument panel are dark. I just came back from the dealer, and he tells me that's the way it is. My wife's Toyota Camry instrument panel lights up during the day. The bottom half of the center dial lights, but the top half with the speedometer numbers is dark. The guage on the right with fuel level etc is completely dark. So is the RPM guage, but I don't need that. I can't believe that the 2007 Lucerne has been designed this way. Had I noticed this during the driving test, I wouldn't have bought it.
I have found a few very minor things that are annoying but nothing that would keep me from buying another Lucerne. I have not had the car back to the dealer for any problems since I purchased the car in March.
Have had three previous Buicks. This one is really good, but not a good as the old Park Ave or LeSabre. Not enough head room and the seats are not as wide. The rear vision is not as good. Back seat and trunk are very roomy.
I replaced a 2004 Park Avenue with a 2007 Lucerne, big mistake! The Lucerne is far smaller than a Park Avenue. The interior is a joke! It is so cheaply done, as soon as you sit in it for a month you begin to feel like your setting in a Kia. Buick made their first mistake back in 1996 when they dropped the Roadmaster and now they have really gone looney by dropping the Park Avenue! The interior room in the Lucerne is so small, I felt like I was in a circus car and clowns should have been in there with me. Go with a Lincoln Town Car! The Lucerne is a big mistake, treat yourself with a true luxury car: go with the Lincoln Town Car!
Buick Lucerne CXL was the best quality and greatest value. I drove the Cadillac's, Acura TL, Chrysler 300, both Toyota sedans and even the Azera. This sedan is loaded with extras, provides great fit and finish and is truely and luxury car! I researched every car and read the reviews but I think if the car is not an import the published reviews are not as good. I now belive the car press is not open minded about the American made cars! This sedan is worth a drive and you will be surprised at the quality and features. 
Dead quiet. Smooth as silk on the road. Great handling for this size of car. 
Puchased 31 of October. Week later antifreeze spilled all over the road. Brought back for service. They replaced thermostat and gasket. Found gas pedal and steering wheel vibrates like a cell phone in vibration mode when going uphill. Four times in dealership, no result. Still vibrates. Dealer replaced motor mounts 2 times. Finaly he gave up and indicated that this is design of the car and nothing can be done. My foot going numb after 2 hours of driving. Going to return this car under lemon law. Very disapointed with Buick. Never buy Buick again!
Shortly after taking possesion of our Lucerne, we noticed that the headliner in the front right section was sagging. Dealer inspected the problem and said the headliner had to be replaced since the warp in the headliner could not be repaired. It was also noticed that the headliner felt had "raw",or frayed, and exposed edges both in the front and rear. Certainly, not a very finished look. To replace the headliner the dealership had to remove and replace the front windshield to enable them to get the new headliner into to car.
Great auto. I get 32+ mpg with great comfort and security. Why buy foreign? More value than competion.
If a quiet comfortable ride is priority one, Lucerne CX will exceed expectations! Built on the same platform as Cadillac DTS it isolates the driver from minor road problems, while Avy & Azera do not! The Buick engineers have found the perfect balance between ride comfort and control in the CX model. For those who favor control over comfort the CXL has 17" tires and a firmer suspension yet delivers a great ride that is not harsh. Auto Level is standard(all models) and enhances the ride with any kind of load. The engine and transmission smootly deliver performance as needed,quietly and without a hint of the hesitation mentioned in other new cars. Highway mileage is 30 MPG 
I absolutly love the car! It's great looking and handles like a dream in the mountains. Gas milage is wonderful for a car this size ( over 20 in town and over 30 on the road) and I dont baby it. I did put red line oil products in it like i do everything I drive but the car is in my opinion just great. I've had 6 Caddys (Devilles) and this car will not only beat them in a race but I think it's more comfortable and is aproximately $20,000 msrp cheaper, so how good is that? What a value!
I replaced an E class Mercedes with a Buick Lucerne due to the poor reliability of the Mercedes. The Buick drives as well as the Mercedes with on road mileage almost as good. Only two features of the Buick bother me, the rather large turning circle, and the total lack of style of the rear of the car. Other than that, I am very satisfied with the car.
This is a great road car, fun to drive and very quiet inside. The seats are very comfortable. Not much left to wish for in a car of this price range. A lot of bang for your buck.
My 2007 CX Buick has a lot of wind noise starting at 45 MPH. I have driven several, and all have some degree of noise, but mine is the worst. The fix is turn the radio on.
I just purchased the Lucerne and it is a great car. I test drove all the different models and the CXS is not even comparible to the others. Its drive far surpasses the lower models and drives like a dream. The V-8 is not going to beat up the muscle cars, but it's not supposted to either. It is very smooth and runs great. 
My only disappointment is that the city mileage (and I drive conservatively) is only 17 vs the 21 I got from my 2000 LeSabre. Highway driving is about 27. A nice car to own and drive.
Just purchased a few days ago. Excellent fit and finish and very comfortable interior. Smooth ride
This is my fourth Buick since 1989 including 2 LeSabres and a Park Avenue. The quietness of my test drive convinced me to buy. The luxuriouness of interior and exterior are impressive for the money. Handling with 17-inch wheels is a plus. I love to drive it.
This car has great features, a great ride, and great looks. Quiet as a Lexus
This car has done everything the manufacture said it would and has better gas mileage than claimed. 20.2 city/34+ highway. It is the quietest auto I have ever owned. Steering, precise, excellent power, solid handling. You can whisper to each other at 80mph in this car with no problem hearing. There is ample leg room in the rear seat area for a 6ft + Man, superior thigh support excellent back support.The ride is very comfortable and complements the handling.I am not at all disapointed in this car, It has exceeded my expectations. After 5000 miles I just can't wait till tomorrow morning for the drive to work.
Really - to keep the miles off the Ferrari but help with MPG, I bought the new Lucerne and am selling my Lexus GX40 SUV. I first drove a Lucerne in the spring, but I was not sure. I looked at the BMW 5's, the M' Infiniti's, Lexus, Chrysler, MB's and Lincoln sedans. The Lucerne finally won me over when they added the new GPS Nav systems. 
Bought the '07 in quartz metallic...WOW, what a looker! Ride is superb and comfort & spaciousness best I have ever seen...I have owned Mercedes in the past.
The workmanship, inside and out, is beyond anything I'd have expected from a US car manufacturer. Mechanically, the vehicle is beyond anything I expected from the car; it blows you away. Fit, finish, performance and comfort are unbelievably superior. I call it the top of the line Caddy without the steroids.
Great looking car. I get a lot of complaimts on it. It's loaded to the max. I am 6-3 and the room inside is great. Got the old school split seat 40 20 40. Ii can sit behind me with the seat all the way back. Gas mileage is not what they say, getting 10 miles to the gal not 17 to 19, but I live in Brooklyn, so we stop every 20 feet. I was a Lincoln owner for 30 years. They lost my bussiness and did not care that they lost me. Being old school, the car needs whitewall tires. Put vogues on it. Really a sharp looking car
Worthy successor to the LeSabre/Park Avenue. The CXS has plenty of room, excellent build quality, perfect ergonomics and a smooth, quiet ride. I have received many positive comments about the car, including the cocoa/cashmere interior, which is new for ?07. I checked out an Avalon and the quality and ergonomics of the Lucerne are superior. And no recalls for steering failure or reported transmission issues that have plagued the Avalon. The Northstar delivers turbine-like power with no audio drama. You step on the gas and it moves. The steering is tight and direct which makes this much more of a driver?s car than the Ultra, while still a very comfortable cruiser on the open road.
Excellent ride, room, and reliability. Great mpgs for a car this size. Amazingly quiet. Traded a trouble prone 5 series BMW for this one
Smooth and quiet ride, just what you would expect from Buick. The features of am import luxury car in an SUV.
Handles great on trips, all the bells & whistles you would want. Biggest complaint is with rear seats down it is difficult to access a cooler behind the driver from the passenger side. Sun visors are to small and for the price you would think it would have pull outs so when you use them as a side visor they would block the top of the drivers/passengers window! Very aggravating!
With over 17,000 miles on my Rainier, there have been zero problems with the vehicle. I purchased the Rainier because the seats in my 2004 LeSabre were so uncomfortable my wife could not ride in it for any distance, even though we had zero problems with it over 85,000 miles and still experienced 32 mpg on the highway and 22 in my commute to work. The Rainier's ride is great, wind noise in minimal, seating comfort is perfect (I'm 6'4" and my wife is 5'6"), and the towing and carrying flexibility are outstanding. While the mpg averages are less than the LeSabre, I still average slightly over 22 mpg on the highway and a little over 15 mpg commuting to work. This was Buick's best kept secret!
Have been incredibly pleased with all aspects of this SUV. The smooth and quiet of the ride are not like an SUV. Plenty of power in the I-6. Dollar value was outstanding. It is unfortunate that Buick is not continuing the Rainier.
We were looking at the Acacia when the dealer showed us the Rainier. The value for the Rainier was exceptional. We towed our boat on a 2,000 mile excursion through the Sierras and it pulled with very little problem. Comfortable seats, quiet and smooth ride. The fold back rear seat headrests help with vision when no one is riding in the back. The built in air compressor is a plus. urning radius is very tight.
I got My Rainier by way of a factory order, and toured the factory where it was made in Moraine Ohio. This vehicle is flat out awesome. It has a smooth ride and does not have a flat out truck feel at all. It's the quietest I have ever owned. I have no regrets getting this one. Just too bad Buick is dropping this model after the 2007 year ends. Things that need more publicity are DVD Navigation and Onstar Turn by Turn Navigation standard on the 2007 Buick line. Having both on the same vehicle makes long trips a breeze. The Voice control of the navigation system is a really great feature. The factory DVD Navigation can be added later with the ?Delphi TNR800? Unit from Crutchfield.
When it was time to replace my DeVille, we decided to purchase another Ranier. Now my wife and I both drive Raniers and are extremely satisfied with them. We have had no problems with the 2004, only going back to the dealer for oil changes. Hopefully we will get that same level of satisfaction from the new one. Gas mileage is not great but as advertised. We get 21 to 23 on the highway which is not bad for a heavy vehicle. Buick did cheapen the interior since 2004 with different sun visor brackets and mirrors and no overhead assist handle over the driver. They did however, add the wood trimmed steering wheel and gear shifter. 
The last 3 SUV's we've owened were all Oldsmobile Bravada's which was a step above the Envoy and step below a Cadillac. When Oldsmobile closed, the Buick division cloned the Bravada with the Rainier. After recently buying the Rainier, we were pleasantly surprised at how beautiful this truck truly is. The ride is great, performance great and totally compares to the Bravada. Buick came a long way when they created this truck. Not an old man's vehicle anymore!
OK, like most of us in my age group (40- 50) the name Buick is not a vehicle we are familiar with unless it?s a Buick Grand National, an 80?s muscle car! At least that?s the case for me. OK, my parents have owned them but I thought it was an old persons car?lol but I guess all things change and after having a family myself I have become less about speed and performance and more at what?s practical and comfortable. Don?t get me wrong for a V-6 putting out an impressive 291 hp and 277 lb-ft of torque its no slouch. after looking at the Envoys I was sold on the Rainier. The Buick Rainier out classes the Envoy and rides like an upper class town car. Its the best bang for your buck!
My husband and I love this car. The ride is incredibly smooth and the comfort is beyond those in the same price range. There is plenty of room for a family. 
The interior is very nice and the seating is comfortable. It is a very quiet ride as well. There is a lot of power with the 4.2L V6. I would definitely recommend.
The 2004 Rainier that I had rode a lot quietier. This 2007 has a wind noise starting at 35 mph and gets louder. I have had it back to 2 different dealers for this problem as suggested by GM motors. They can doing nothing at this time because of no recalls or service bulletins. It seems to me that it is the door seals on the back. Sounds like the back window is open a little on both sides
A real truck with real towing capacity, yet as quiet and smooth as most luxury cars in town and on trips. Optional sound system is very good. The nav system in my 2004 was cumbersome, so we left it off the new 2007. Buick fixed the AWD system, and it engages smoothly in 2007. Competent handling for a luxury truck. Don't drive or evaluate it as a sports sedan. I used to make jokes about people who drive Buicks, but this vehicle grows on you.
I think this is a very under-rated SUV. It is so much nicer than the Envoy which is more popular. Very quiet and the fuel economy is about like everything else.
I have owned my 2007 buick Rendezvous for over 2 years and have not had one problem. I got an incredible value when i bought the car as the Rendezvous was at the end of it's run. The styling hadn't changed much in the last few years but we liked the way it looked and the interior was very nice. What surprises me is that I consistently get 23 mpg on the highway. This is better than i get with my Nissan Murano which is much smaller??? In local driving i get around 16 which is painful when gas is $4+ a gallon but reasonable when you consider the size and 7 passenger capacity. I have 31,000 miles and am still going strong! 
I had a 2005 rendezvous. Pretty much the same, but much better gas mileage than the '07.With all the incentives offered, how could you not buy one? from $31,000 to $20,000 out the door. It is a Buick, comfortable ride, much beter quality than anything else out there for the money. It's to bad they opted to drop it in 2007, and rather than keep it and improve it, they come out with the enclave, a nice ride, but out of my price range. looking at the 2010 equinox. 32 mpg, i might have to trade the rendezvous in!!
GM used to mean quality in my family, but this car has been a complete disappointment. Since buying it in 2007 with 13k miles I've had to spend $6k more in repairs due to persistent inability of car to start including faulty wiring, axle and wheel train replacement of loose or prematurely broken parts, and a brake job. In the 11 years that I owned a subaru, I never had to do any more than change the oil. For this car I had to even subscribe to onstar for peace of mind because the car is so unreliable. Based on the quality of this car I can see how GM got themselves into thier current setuation. Let a free market economy rule!! I am headed back to the Subaru dealership for a new car. 
Very nice ride. I bought the 07 CX with the luxury package with 27,000 miles for $13,900. I've put on 1,000 miles since I bought it. I think I got a great deal. Very smooth ride, I have to be careful on the highway because I don't notice when I'm speeding. My husband is 6'1" and has plenty of head room.
I've had this Buick for six months and just got done driving 1000 miles down the east coast with close to 30 miles per gal. of gas. I'm 6'4" and I still have plenty of head room even with a hat on.The radio and cd are find as far as I'm concerned.
After 24k miles,one of the best cars we have owned. We had 2 good Chrysler vans. This CXL replaced a noisy, cheapo, gas-guzzler Honda Odyssey ?XL?- no luxury features even available! Liked a rented Rendezvous on Florida vacation. Later compared it to the Lexus SUV -cramped and boring. The Buick is larger inside and $20K cheaper. Quiet, luxurious, versatile and 22.5 mpg thrifty. Comforts of the car are on par with our Avalon sedan. 7 people can ride if needed & with the middle seats out, we carry 3 dogs and luggage for trips. It has been great in the snow even in our hilly neighborhood. Love the car. Sad that GM made the dumb decision to discontinue & replace it with a bulbous gas guzzler.
After driving a friend's Lexus SUV I was not expecting much from this Buick. Surprise. We like it much better. Sure the dashboard is plain but we improved it by adding a wood grain kit. After 27,000+ miles our only real issue has been the radio which is junk. Three visits to the dealer have failed to have any effect. Gas mileage is incredibly poor for such a small V-6. We only get about 15mpg in town and 22 on the road. Our Impala with a similar engine gets at least 5mpg better. But, the Buick tows our small boat effortlessly, there is room galore with the seats folded and so far, it has been mechanically reliable. The 100,000 mile warranty inspires confidence.
Given that 2007 is the last year for this model, good off-lease and used examples can be a bargain. We purchased ours for $10,000 under original list price. While not a Lexus by any means, it is still half the price for similar comfort and capacity. Great warranty coverage. Our only real complaint is that the 3.5 engine could have been the 3.6 with better power and mileage. Also, the radio stinks. An aftermarket radio is in our future.
Bought it new, now has 10000 miles on it. Trouble free. Lots of cargo room with 3rd row folded, way more than any other crossover, approaching minivan versatility. The car is very quiet and comfortable.
We have been very unhappy with this vehicle. The fuel economy has been terrible, average 16 mpg with a mix of highway and city driving. My husband is 6'4 and when he is driving my children have no room for their legs in the back seat. A car seat is out of the question behind him. We have the split reclining middle row, not sure if this is why. But, my kids absolutely hate this car. Numerous problems, serviced the next day after purchase and should go in again but am to busy and because this is a lease I'm leaving with the noisy turns, poor gas mileage, poor leg room for children and the interior roof coming apart in the back. Rear seat belts end up under the folding seat, hard to get.
Turning radius fantastic. Removable center seats, great. Rear door opening OK. Rear door closing, you got to be kidding. It is very heavy with no power or air shock assist. Only bad feature to the vehicle
Afer having a baby, my husband and I knew that the Pontiac G6 that we owned was too small for a now family of 3. We looked and looked to find a SUV in our price range and found that all of the ones we were interested in were out of our range. We decided to take a look at roomier cars with the dealer that sold us our G6 and he informed us on a great buy with the Rendevous! We ended up paying roughly $30 more per month than what we were currently paying and got a roomier car all at once. The other little SUV's did not have nearly the space and were charging doulbe the price. We love our new car!
We traded our trusty 2002 Impala on the Buick to get more room and pull our small boat trailer. So far so good. Stereo system is awful. Will have to replace it. Will not even stay on local stations. It did stall one time in traffic with no explanation. We're praying this does not happen again. But, for the money (we purchased an off-lease car) it still seems a bargain. Mileage averaging 20mpg overall, not bad for a vehicle of this size and weight.
Just bought the vehicle and have noticed that at low speed with the foot off the accelerator and then trying to accelerate again the vehicle does not engage immediately. I think the torque converter or accelerator (electronically controlled) is a problem. Love the styling, should have the trip computer (fuel economy reading, oil change time, etc,) as standard like on my Chevy 05 Malibu. Disappointed with the storage compartments in the rear and the fact the second row seats do not slide per the brochure. Milage about 22 around town is excellent, ride is fantastic, 
We just bought our 3rd Rendezvous. Just couldn't find a better vehicle for 20K. Nothing comes close to the amount of car you get for the money. OnStar. Stainless exhaust. Galvanized metal, and seats that come out which makes more cargo room to haul things than any other SUV. I get 27 mpg on the highway and have gotten 28. Hard to find one now though. They are selling fast. My 2002 will need replaced just in time for me to buy a Chevy Volt unless Buick comes out with something to compete with it.
I fell in love with the style of the SUV. I went from a Vue to a Rendezvous, much much more roomier. Only problems are every time it rains, the water was running in through the dashboard. Got the driver side fixed but have been back twice for the passenger side. Also, battery light keeps coming on. Waiting to get that fixed. Passenger window cracked (factory defect) waiting for that part and the ceiling panel was hanging got that fixed. Still love the car but they should have made the driver seat more adjustable to move back further. Lots of room and comfy back seat that reclines. Would buy again but maybe have less of a water problem
We purchased a loaded CX in February and now have about 3000 miles on it! My wife and I are very happy with the vehicle. It has a smooth and relatively quite ride and is enjoyable to drive. The vehicle has more than adequate acceleration for most situations. We seem to get about 19 to 20 mpg overall. My wife really liked the looks of the Nissan Murano but with a $1300 discount off the list price, $5200 in rebates and $3300 of GM card credit, the bang for the buck we got with the Rendezvous was light years ahead of the Murano! We couldn't be happier!
We were looking to replace one of our SUV's with a vehicle that provided better gas mileage without sacrificing cargo capacity. My wife did not want a minivan or a car as a replacement. She enjoys the driving position that an SUV provides. Like most buyers, we initially looked at the offerings from the imports. Friends of ours went through the same process about a year ago and ended up buying a 2006 Rendezvous. Both he and his wife highly recommended it. After test driving a 2007 Rendezvous we became a believer. With the current rebate we ended up buying a fully loaded CXL for the price of a stripped down import. If ride, roominess and mileage are important consider the Rendezvous.
I like it. It is a shame that Buick would take a SUV within middle class range up. Hey GM Buick, help us middle class out. We love the SUV. The Enclave is out of my league
Why did I not notice this vehicle for so many years? When it came time to replace the mini van I was looking for something different, but something that still had a 3rd row and a reasonable price. By chance, I found out the Rendezvous did. Took it for a test drive and fell in love. I found it to be comfortable, very roomy, and fun to drive. A quick check on other reviews and consumer reports gave high marks. The rebate was great. Purchased it a week later. Very satisfied. 
I wanted something a little larger than the RAV4 and CR-V, but still easy to manuever into tight parking spaces. In addition to the extra room, the smooth and quiet ride sold me on the Rendezvous. The V6 engine has enough power for almost every situation. This mid-size SUV feels nimble driving in the city, but is very stable and comfortable on the highway. Body lean during cornering is well controlled. The standard rear back-up sensors are very helpful. With the 3rd row folding seat (optional on the CX), the ability to hold an occasional 7 people is a nice feature. Since Buick stopped advertising the Rendezvous some time ago, you should be able to get one at a great price like I did.
I almost leased a Honda mini van. The Buick has much nicer ride,handling, interior, radio, and its seating with the second row buckets is as good as the Honda all for a lower price. I'm very pleased with this vehicle in my first month. With the bumper to bumper of 48mo/50k mi and the 60mo/100k mi waranty my only concerns are resale as it will not be continued in '08. 
My wife fell in love with it. I was lukewarm at first. I have been converted, it is a great all around vehicle. We have owned 7 different SUV's and this is the best riding ever. 5,000 miles and not one problem. GM got this one right and now they are set to discontinue it and replace it with a totally different vehicle.
Fun to drive and relaxing too. My wife loves being up above the traffic so she can see well in her trip to work and for her many trips on the Garden State Parkway. We did not want a 3rd seat and its great that Buick offers that option. It gives us more storage room. Love having dials and switches that we can actually read vs a "symbol". I own a LaSabre and really like Buick's quality. I am very, very dissapointed that they are discontiuing this car. I think they should have advertised this more. Oh well, we are very happy to own the Rendezvous and think others would also.
The spare tire is impossible to put back once taken from under the auto. The spare hangs by a crank cable system similar to other GM SUVs. However, directly under the spare is both a suspension strut and a part of the frame. So the tire is in a small keyhole. I used the spare and could not get it back into the keyhole. My neighbor and I by laying on the ground under the car were able to push and pull the spare back into the key hole. They should make every GM engineer who designed this do it every day.
We were absolutely shocked to learn that this vehicle is the only GM vehicle (including all other Buick models) that includes rear seat seatbelts that do not "lock" unless or until it becomes necessary. Subsequently, small children have the ability to "hang" and "dangle" from the seatbelts. Should the seatbelts reliably "lock" when needed (not proven), children are at risk for severe injury if they are not sitting upright or if the belt literally "snaps" them backwards. Utterly ridiculous and absolutely unsafe for children. We returned our vehicle within days of taking delivery. All research indicates that even the slightest slack in the belt increases substantially the risk of head/neck injury
Great looking. Great driving. Many features that no other SUV offers for the price. Looking forward towards many years of driving pleasure.
This is one of the best handling cars that I have ever owned. The Rendezvous CXL is very comfortable when driving in town or out on the highway. Huge amount gadgets for the price.
Just bought an '07 Rendezvous about 6 months ago and I love it! Great for hauling the family. A little slow, but extremely comfortable and functional. Great vehicle GM!
We purchased the Rendezvous and absolutely love the vehicle. The riding comfort is unbelievable. The performance thus far has been great.
I am an owner of a BMW M5 and an Audi S4. But I needed a vehicle with genuine luggage capacity for a vacation. I rented a Rendezvous CXL. I really liked it. My wife really liked it. Even our college-bound son admitted he liked it.The Rendezvous offered very comfortable seats and comfortable ride, quiet and reasonable horsepower, though I always would like more. It provides a great view and command of the highway and there was no difficulty in handling city driving. I had been considering the purchase of a BMW X5 as an SUV but I am now seriously considering a Rendezvous CXL, or Buick?s successor to the Rendezvous, the Enclave. Congratulations to a fine American car.
Buick is a step ahead of other competitors, even with GM. I got the CX with all the options available on it. I like the CX because the exterior mirrors are shiny black. The CXL uses body color. I leased this car and was very surprised. It is a luxury SUV with an msrp of $30,000. I leased it for under $400 sign and drive. I have never driven a car that is so refined and drives so smoothly. Another thing going for it is the standard rear park assist. It really helps avoid accidents. Most luxury cars like Benz don't even offer it standard. I can't live without OnStar anymore. I always forget my cell, but I dont need to worry anymore. Leaving my keys in car is a problem too, but no worries anymore. It has features that only the Americans can think of like comfort level and huge compartments. The second row has 2 center pieces that fold away. That means that this car is really wide. It is going to last a long time, will buy again
This is one of the best handling cars that I have ever owned. The Rendezvous CXL is very comfortable when driving in town or out on the highway. The heads-up display keeps your eyes on the road and not looking down to set your cruise. The instrument panel is laid out to see your gauges, but are also shown in the heads-up display. My wife drove a Buick LaCrosse, but to her the Rendezvous gives her a comfortable ride and the ease of driving a small car in traffic, but doesn't feel like a full size SUV. It's very nicely equipped and for the money it's a good car to own. I read some of the reviews on the 2005 & 2006 Rendezvous, I feel like a lot of the complaints have been fixed on the 2007 model.
I love this truck so much I look for things to buy, just to go out and drive it. My daughter loves it and so does everyone I know. I think that they will all go out and get one soon. I will definitely get another one when the lease is up. I hope they still make more. Love it to bits!
We have owned a Jimmy and 2 Bravadas and the Buick Rendezvous is by far the best SUV we have ever driven. The "heads up" display should be an industry standard. This is an excellent vehicle. 
I'm very happy with the truck. I wish it had front sensors too. The driver's mirrors on the outside of the truck are a great size. I'm really able to see what's coming up on me. I love the OnStar in it. I would love to get another one when my time is up. I would definitely recommend this car to anyone, plus I already get a lot of compliments on it now.
This is my wife's car. She says it drives like a luxury car. It's very good on the highway and we drove it from Friendswood, Texas to Chatham, Ont. Handling and acceleration is good. It's comfortable and no blind spots looking out the back. We have 2nd row buckets seats. You need to drive it. we average 415 miles per tank of gas. You need to drive it. 
Great car, very comfortable on trips. A lot of space and nice design
This vehicle handles great and has great comfort features. The third row seat is really nice because it folds down flat. This vehicle has the feel of a luxury vehicle yet the look of a small SUV. This is by far the best vehicle I have ever owned and would definitely recommend it to others.
I previously owned a 2005 CTS and loved it. Lease was up so I purchased a used 2.8 with low mileage. Exterior and interior appearance is great as well as the comfort ride, however I just hate the 2.8L engine. I will be planning to get another CTS 3.6 as soon as I can.
I've owned the 05' and newer Accords and Camrys and the CTS is a far better vehicle for the money. It is a beautiful car and not just another "SEDAN". It's sporty and I love it. Not a single problem. Father in-law owns a 2006 and has never had any trouble. So, I decided it was my turn to have one. 
Great car, excellent accelleration, one of the smoothest cars I've ever driven.Smooth ride and styling,typical of a Cadillac. Color is Thunder Gray, a 3.6 liter v-6 with a chrome wire mesh grill. Wife also loves the and nimble response and the tight steering. We should have bought this car a long time ago.
I love my CTS Sport, it has the 18" Wheel performance and appearance package, handles very well for the size. Not quite as well as my previous Audi and Porsche, but very nice for a larger car. Love the shiftable automatic. Only issue was a broken rear sway bar, replaced by the warranty. Cadillac has an excellent Certified Pre- owned program. (6 years/100,000 miles)
Fun to drive, rides great, drives great, handles great, tight in rear seat behind tall driver, tough to get in and out of (deep door cills). Fit and finish is good. Very little maintenance issues.
My CTS Cadillac is nothing but problems. Major engine repair at 5 months and issue for over a year. Then again Major engine issue at 19months! The car has been a nightmare and the dealership is even worse to deal with in this regard. I would never buy another Cadillac nor deal with GM. I can't believe the poor level of customer service and then the poor level of quality of the car. I do like the style and look of the car, but it is a poor, poor quality car. It is upsetting as you expect a Cadillac to be the best, not the worse!
First Cadillac I've ever owned - picked it over an Infiniti M35 due to dealer location. Sport model with 18" wheels, limited chrome and spoiler definitely turns heads. For the most part it performs up to its looks which is pretty decent considering its weight and 255 HP. Interior is much improved in the 2008 but very plasticky in the 2007. (Not up to previously owned BMW 740i, Mercedes SL, Jag XK or even Chrysler LHS). Ride is stiff but not uncomfortable; handling very good; braking powerful. Standard 18" summer sport tires abysmal in fall/winter which led to all-season replacement after 4000 miles (at my expense). Overall mileage of 19.2. Next vehicle? Accura or Lexus mid-size SUV.
I haven't had a very good experience with my CTS, I have had major repairs and the car is only 1 yr and 5 months. I love the look of the car and the features, But would like to try another CTS because I think I ended up with a defective model.
I've had this car for about six months now and I love it even more than I did on day one. It's my second car in the entry luxury market, with my first being the '98 328i. I know how much I really love this car because all I want to do is "dress her up" and take her out on the town. My only complaints are related to comfort and interior design. After about one hour in this car I want stop and fix the pain in my back, no matter how I adjust the seats. Our 2002 Camry XLE seating and interior features are superior to the Cadillac which is a shame. We'll never use this car for road trips. This car was a poor choice with two young kids in the back seat. In so many ways, it reminds me of the 328
My family has a long story with Cadillacs. I remember the 1st Seville, and I remmeber how much I loved it. Now I'm in love all over again. This car is fast, agile and a huge improvement over the Caddies of the past. It's so good to see thant GM has finally seen the light. My only regret, I should have waited couple months for the '08, but what the heck, I'm in love!
Quality and and reliability are above expectations. No problems to report to date, with heavy freeway miles.
I really enjoy the sporting look and feel of the car as it is very responsive with an excellent turning radius. However, the interior noise is annoying at speeds around 42-47 miles per hour you will hear a slight humming noise. I am going back for the second timeime to have this looked at. I am not happy about the noise level with the inside cabin ride. Just not up to standards of Cadillac.
Great car shows Cadillac understands how to put together great product. Exclellent styling, edgy, unique and attractive. On a cost basis, performance exceeds competitors, and seems a better value. Love the evolution to the '08 as well. Cannot wait to see the new CTS in Thunder Gray with in a coupe next year (maybe GM will do rumored convertible). If so, I may have to trade mine in on a new one.
This car hugs the road like it's on rails. Amazing performance for a luxury car. Good power, firm yet comfortable ride. Superb Bose radio, XM and OnStar. Refined interior, sleek exterior.
This vehicle drives well, but does not reach the EPA mileage. Has the larger engine (not the V-8) and performs well. Noisy inside on rough roads - the combo of shocks, suspension and body results in some annoying reverberation over bumps. There was no plan for the back seat passenger AC - on a par with the cheapest Chevy on the lot. If you want the back seat cooled, you have to run the AC fans on high and freeze out the front seat. Trunk does not have the closer system - it needs a big slam to shut!
having a car like this was for me the greatest experience ever as the car gave me that sense of control which you normally do'nt get from other vehicles.for me it's a dream coming true.
I bought this car because it was American. At first I thought it looked cool, but after 3 months, the styling looks outdated and ugly. The engine is weak and could use some hints from BMW. The interior function is not impressive for the misplacing of buttons. I was going to look at the new CTS but it looks like a 70 year old would be driving it. I am ready to trade it in for a BMW 335, something that will acually make me feel under 60 years old.
This is my second Cadillac. My first was a 1986 Eldorado which was pure junk. But Cadillac has hit a homerun with the CTS. I also own a Corvette and the CTS is the 4dr version. This car came equipped with the luxury and sport packages. The styling is bold and is recongnizable a mile away. Performance and handling equal the German and Japanese rivals. It's also equipped with OnStar, XM and a great navigation system. You need patience to program everything but once done it all works well together. Thanks GM
The 2.8L V6 is OK. XM Radio, OnStar great. Imrovement from leatherette to full leather small. 3.6 marginally faster. Greatfirst car. Way cooler than Camry/Accord
Just got the CTS last week. Got a 2fer. Luxury sedan and sports car. Great power and cornering ability in a trim body with very comfortable seats and a good ride. Can't wait to take it on a road trip this weekend. 
Great ride, tight suspension, Cadillac brand, what's not to like. Performance is there, quality built and I love the black mesh grille and 18 in wheels. 
Driving is fun and car handles well. Like the Cadillac experience in terms of service - tops.
This is my first caddy. I love this car! I test drove a BMW and a then I drove this car. I would buy this over any BMW! I drove over 12 different makes and models and then I bought my caddy.
I am very impressed with the performance and quality of the CTS. I had been driving BMW's for the past six years but wanted to "Buy American" this time and Cadillac was the way to go. I have the Luxury and 17-inch Sport Packages. The ride and seat comfort far exceed the BMW with only a small sacrifice in handling. It has great acceleration from the 3.6L engine with an automatic transmission. It also has outstanding maneuverability thanks to a super-tight turning circle.
This is actually my wife's car, but I'll tell you we test drove everything. If you want to fit in and not have your car have a personality go buy the Lexus or Acura. This car offers more room than anything in it's class. The others we tested were fine, but the CTS has it's own personality and was the best overall ride and drive for us. We tested the 328, G35, IS 350, TL, S40, C- and E-Class. Check this car out for it's overall drive. It is a great choice.
For the price, there are other cars out there that are better equipped. Locking wheel nuts, lumbar support, theft alarm, and rear A/C vents are only available as hefty options. My '96 Taurus and '02 Tribute even came stock with most that I mentioned. Yes, in other respects, this is a fun car to drive. It has plenty of pep, gets decent MPG, handles very well, and has comfortable seating for the most part. Based on this purchase experience (first-time Caddy buyer), it will be my last. Reason? There is more bang for the buck with the competition. 
The 2.8 engine is definitely underpowered. The car rides very well and I feel very comfortable in it. The company and dealership come highly recommended.
I have this car for two weeks now and I am very satisfied with it. I hate when some people write a review on a car without ever owning it. That's just plain hot air. If you are looking for Detroit quality, this is the one. Mine is loaded with all available options including DVD navigation. Two major options are the 17" wheel sport package, which by the way is the only wheel package that you can get with the navigation system and the 3.6 luxury package. I was luck enough to find the car in stock at a dealer in New Jersey. Apparently, not too many are ordered like this one in white diamond with all the bells and whistles. I literally bought this car over the phone. Not to bad for Detroit Iron.
Besides test driving the CTS, I test drove a Toyota Camry, Toyota Avalon, Acura TL, Infiniti G35, and a Mini Cooper. The Mini Cooper won hands down, but I have a wife and two kids...so the Mini didn't win. The CTS won. So why did it win? There was more room in the backseat than in its competitors...which the kids need. I love the exterior of the CTS. I was able to get a 6-speed manual with the CTS. The seats were great...they hugged the body. The interior was not as nice as the TL or the G35, but I just enjoyed the ride of the CTS more than any other car (besides the Mini). I got the CTS sport w/ 18" wheels...I would recommend this car to anyone in the market for a new car.
The Cadillac CTS has very good quality. Cadillac has done it right with this vehicle, from the styling to performance. The ride is very comfortable and there is easy access to all of the technology. I have had no problems what so ever with this vehicle would reccomend it to all.
I used to own a Mercedes and let me tell you, is fantastic. The Cadillac CTS' looks, performance, build quality, and comfort, are all superior to the Mercedes-Benz C-Class.
I used to buy Nissans and Hondas for all these years. I am very happy with the decision that I made to buy a Cadillac CTS. It is just excellent.
This is by far, the nicest car I've ever owned. It's stylish, sporty, has a great paint job "white diamond", beautiful leather and wood grain interior, handles like a charm. I will buy Cadillacs forever.
This car handles and rides very well. It accelerates quickly and has the power to maneuver yet it's easy on the gasoline. We do a 50/50 mix of city/hwy and get about 25 mpg average. The interior is not plush but is solid. There is good leg and head room for tall front seat passengers.
The 2007 CTS 3.6L Sport is the most fun I have had since I drove Porches 15 years ago. I didn't know a sport luxury car could be this much fun. The OnStar and XM radio features were unexpected fun and insurance in the case of OnStar. Getting into the car and having the seat and mirrors go to my preset postions is a nice feature. The car has more than enough power @ 255hp ( I didn't get the CTS-V - V8 because of gas mileage). 
Every time I drive this car, I become more impressed with it. The style is sharp and distinctive. It stands out from the others that all seem to resemble each other. The performance, acceleration, steering control, and comfort of the ride are incredible. It's fun to drive! I bought mine in "Infrared", which is gorgeous. This is the best car I have ever owned.
The 2007 Cadillac CTS is a sporty, tight, well designed vehicle.
This automobile has all the expected features of a smooth and quiet luxury ride and also has the quickness and power of a sports car. It is great to take on the highway for business trips yet it is a comfortable family car for a family of five that includes three teenagers. My 16 year old son relishes driving it.
I purchased the 2007 DTS Performance used, with 13,000 miles. It replaced a 2003 CTS. WE are very pleased with the handling, quietness, and comfort of the vehicle. The MPG is very positively surprising, particularly when the car plenty of power. THe memory seats are very handy, the controls are simple and well within reach. The Bose sound system is very nice. We've traveled quite a bit in this car this year and we arrive much more relaxed than when in traveling in other cards we've had. Visibility seems poor when backing the car, and the proximity sensors help. Very well pleased with this American car. 
Fun to drive, tighter cabin feel,no gas tank release or lock, no automatic break release, rear trunk area too high, no auto trunk close/lock. Leaves a lot to be desired from the previous years of Cadillac ownership. Driver's seat really squeals with the leather rubbing against the console, rear headliner problems. Navigation is great, so is the Bose sound. Gas mileage is less than my previous DTS by three miles city and 2 miles highway. The higher end, shorter body makes it look more like a sport than a luxury sedan. The vehicle has enough power, but sure sucks up the gas when you, 'step on it'. Nice color coordination on the Mystic Gray ext. and the titanium interior. 
07 DTS Luxury II ( which is the 08 luxury III) Have owned the performance too. Turn on the Peter White cd. Open the sunroof and drive to another level of comfort. Handles well. People are surprised about the Northstar gas mileage which is excellent for a car over two tons. Excellent crash test ratings. I've bought new before, but this time I went for one that was exactly what I wanted if I had bought new, plus certified gives me another 80,000 miles and 6 years bumper to bumper. ( it is one year old and has 20,000 miles. The beautiful real burled wood is very high gloss. Lots of new equipment to play with. Love the shiny chrome wheels &saved over 25,000 buying it a year old.
This is a fantastic vehicle. Worlds ahead the previous model. Excellent performance & much quieter at high speeds than the LS460 & superior seats. 
Why do "reviewers" think everything on wheels has to be an McClaren? This is a luxury car that is extremely comfortable, reasonably nimble for a 2- ton vehicle, easy to enter and exit, gets me 18+ mpg around town, well made, gives me a back massage, decent appearance. It does what I want it to do in terrific fashion! I'm not sure why a luxury automobile needs 55-series tires, 17 inch wheels, and nearly 300 horsepower, but it does. I've owned a 800 hp street-legal '57 Chevy, I've driven my Dad's Chrysler Hemi for several thousand miles--and they were both great, but I'll take my Caddy for everyday driving. It's solid American iron and I don't think it needs to apologize for anything!
The car looks nice enough but interior design needs help, may as well put the radio and A/C panels & controls on the floor since it is necessary to turn & look down to see them. The seat belt buckle is difficult to find jammed up by the center console. The plastic interior is poor quality for a LUX car. The ride is smooth the engine power is good, steering could be tighter. This car rides and handles no better than my base 01 De Ville and lacks the comfort. The controls in the arm rest are poor design resting my arm on it the windows go down and the controls are touchy. There are too many DIC switches. The tire monitor has stopped working. Rear visibility past the rear doors down the side.
Overall quality, fit, and finish a step up from previous models. Driver door lock switch defective, caused alarm every time car was opened with key. Easily fixed by dealer. Very satisfying car to drive. Under appreciated value for the money.
How GM can continue to produce garbage like this and still stay in business eludes me. This is the second new Cadillac I've owned, my 04'Deville was a total lemon and I thought it was an anomaly, unfortunately it wasn't, my 07' is an even bigger lemon! I don't know where to start, the car breaks down almost constantly, everything from electrical to drivetrain, even the heated seats broke. The front wheel drive system, axils, seals and transmission are a mess. The car spends more time in the shop than in my garage. If I was to give a complete list of everything that's been repaired on this car it would take an hour to read. About all this car does is look good standing still. 
Fake leather dash and door panels, too much plastic, uncomfortable seats. The optional "bench" seats have no lateral support, the seat is too short and does not support my legs, and I cannot find a comfortable position. The passenger seat is similar. Our previous DeVille (2002) had much better seats than this one. The steering wheel is heated but the leather cover does not extend to the 10 and 2 oclock driving areas. Also, the instruments and console are difficult to read while wearing sun glasses (and we really need them in Texas). The luxury options are great, but overall, we're really disappointed with what they've done to this car.
This is our 5th DTS and it is by far the very best. Black on black. So quiet it's hard to believe! Why someone would not buy or lease this luxury car is beyond me. They have acheived a blend of all that a luxury auto should be in this car. I highly recommend tis wonderful American made automobile. 
I took a 2000 mile trip a month after I purchased the vehicle, and I was not impressed with the handling or functioning of the vehicle. Navigation system worked fine there, but, was inoperative on the way back. I was only able to select point-to- point (not selected roads). Stability control allows too much sway on turns (not near as good as my 1995 Eldorado ETC). Icons and Switches: Switches on the Armrest are poorly placed and poorly labeled. Heating and Ventilation: Poor design for the controls. The Air Conditioning blows cold air even when it is 30 degrees outside, and, the car is first started. (The 1995 Eldorado controls were 'Set and Forget'). 
The levels of engine and road noise are still excessive in the current DTS, especially when compared to the Town Car, Mercedes Benz, and Lexus models. There is still too much NVH feedback through the steering wheel. A couple of times, when making a sharp U-turn, it felt as if the drive belt slipped resulting in the temporary failure of the power steering. Another annoyance is a squeak caused by the front seat back rubbing against the stationary center armrest console when encountering bumps. Get the bench seat option if you hate squeaks. Cadillac knows of the problem since the side of the seat bottom cushion contacting the console is covered in fabric. I will consider another DTS in '09.
This car combines the best of the European driving characteristics with the best of American luxury features to give the driver, and the passenger, a fine balance of automotive performance. Cadillac has developed a vehicle that will serve the needs of both young and senior drivers. 
We rented one of these babys in Hawaii. Trust me, this is definitely a car that anyone should show up in to any sort of party or get together. Plenty of power; sounds like a muscle car when revved, lots of get up and go, and extremely quiet. Handles decently as well for a car 9 ft. longer than a Lexus LS 460. It is more the experience of driving one (as would be driving something like a Lincoln Town Car) more than actually owning it. If you need seating for 6 and something old and stylin', go for it! Way too overpriced though for some of the idiosyncracies is has; just pick up a used one.
This is my first ever Cadillac and have been driving for 40 years. It amazes me there are not more DTSs sold. The ride, comfort, and feeling of security makes me wish I had purchased a Cadillac before this.
Driving the new DTS is the most user friendly experience ever. It does for luxury what the '07 Corvette does for performance. You don't have to spend a fortune to have the best ride on the road - this car looks great and gives the passengers a feeling of safety and comfort that is top level and impressive. 
This car rides and handles much better than I expected. For its size, comfort, and economical operations I cannot think of a better choice. I use the car to transport customers on trips between 10 miles to over 100 miles. I always hear comments like "how come they don't sell more of these." I am never ashamed to use this vehicle with my clients.
I love the power combined with the smooth ride of the Cadillac DTS.
This is the best car I have owned in 55 years of owning and driving vehicles. It is comfortable, enjoyable to drive, good looking, and I know of no other vehicle that meets the same standard.
I have driven many Cadillacs in this series over the years like the Concour, Performance DTS, etc. I especially like the upgraded styling, performance, and new xeon lighting.
Hello' I honestly believe this vehicle is superior in the City/traveling on highways, a great feeling of power at anytime, tire gauge light comes on rear tire pressure/front only on right side,they need to take care of the situation otherwise it is excellent. Norman
I recently bought my first Cadillac. I traded in my Mercedes for the Escalade and i couldn't be happier. We bought a 07 with 17,000 miles on it. It is Fantastic! Living in Minnesota where the winters are the longest season it makes sense to have a SUV such as this one. The only thing i wish it had was a MP3 jack for my IPOD. Other than that it has everything you could want in a SUV. I would definitely recommend this vehicle to anybody living in extreme climates who desire that luxury car feel! 
I sold my 2003 Infiniti Coupe for an 2007 Escalade fully loaded Black on Black with 60k miles for about $32k plus taxes and fees. I rented an 2009 from Hertz in Feb and I just had to have one of my own. This is a weekend car. I am 26yo, engaged and I wanted a car to sit 7 people. I got the extended warranty on it. Gas mileage in NYC driving is roughly 280 miles on 22gal without AC or spirited driving. Wind noise can be heard above 65MPH. At start-ups the rear back on the truck makes loud noise (electrical?) for about 30 seconds. But besides that it is great on the road, uneven pavement, and pot holes. Mine has the 18" chrome wheel but I am looking to upgrade to the stock 22". 
Had 95 Cherokee, 01 Exhibition, 02 Rendevouz, 04 Pacifica, 05 Tahoe, 04 Escalade, 08 Escalade, and now back to 07 Escladade ESV. Hard loaded, powerful, beautiful with 22" wheels, very dependable car that draws a crowd. My other car is a C-6 Corvette and both get lots of compliments. My 2nd favorite was the Pacifica but like comparing apples to oranges. My wife has an ML 320 that in no way compares to the Esclalade. I'd rather drive my son's Kia Sportage than her Mercedes. We use the Cadillac for long trips and with two little girls the room in the ESV is fantastic.. I'll never buy another brand of SUV as long as Cadillac makes them this good!!
First of all, still no fold flat third row seats, primitive!!! fill er up every 4 to 5 days small gas tank, and premium fuel. good power, seems smaller than 04 expedition which rode and handled better, went a week and half on full tank. seems to shake. oh yeah ladies with two rows of captains chairs never go shopping with more than 4 people. No room behind the third seat. Stuck now should have went with a nav L.
Absolutely the best SUV and has lived up to all of our greatest expectations over last 2 years. Definitely recommend it. I was 9 months pregnant during the test drives - it had the only comfortable seats (many A+ compliments to GM)! Love the growl/purr of the engine, great looks, sporty handling & acceleration. Only 1 gripe - hate the lawyer's version of the DVD/NAV/AUDIO. It's ridiculous that you have to come to a complete stop to use many features (scroll XM stations, calls, destination, etc) when there is a passenger to do it without causing distraction for the driver. Could utilize the front on/off airbag switch to "unfreeze" the features while in motion. Hate that on the highway!
We were debating a new family car and actually drove some mini vans and were leaning that direction. I had been driving a 2005 Acura MDX which I liked but with another kid on the way needed something bigger. We found a great deal on a used Escalade and bought it on the spot. It has every feature you could imagine and drives like a dream in the snow. Very quiet ride and comfortable for every passenger. I would highly recommend the auto running boards and heat/cool seats, and the nav with back up camera as it would be hard to see behind you without it! This is a great SUV and my only wish is that it had a better console and of course better gas mileage. 
Traded my'04Denali for this and have been disappointed.Took major downgrade in bells and whistles which is just wrong for the price. Wifes '02 Trailblazer has more! Seats are hard, small and uncomfortable. Traded because Denali seats had no support and Escalade is like sitting on a box. GM's "new improved" rain sensing wipers are terrible.Watch the car in front - you will hit it before it wipes! Wind noise is pathetic! I know it is a big box but come on! My friends Expedition is soooo much quieter. The third row seats weigh a ton! Majir pain to take in and out. When out the big plastic strips that seats ride on are in the way. GM saved a few bucks with no light in glovebox or under hood 
Love this vehicle, awesome looks and power.drives and handles like a car. Heated and cooled seats are nice has all the bells and whistles but had to take back for service for auto opener for rear door and remote start not working, electrical problems
I have tried to support the American car manufacturer, but I can't anymore. I have had everything from havng to replace the console, because it was rattling so much, too the cheap plastic Door handles that cut my wife's hand. The molding around the windows is falling apart. Then the recalls, the last one because the unit that heated the windshield wiper fluid had heated up while not in use, and apparently had started fires. These are just the proverbial tip of the iceberg, many other things have gone wrong, but I am getting depressed even more by continuing on. Needless to say, I love General Motors, but until they improve quality, I will no longer be a loyal buyer.
America makes the best car on the road. I love it. My kids love it. Guests love it. It just plain has every feature and true luxury. And all the features work well. This car is a pleasure. Much better than my old Lexus and Mercedes.
When we saw the new 07 escalade we just had to have it. The vehicle turns many heads, it looks good but the workmanship can be better. The horrible wind noise, and when we take it in for service they dont hear it. The third row seats are very hard to fold up and take out, dont know if we would purchase a escalade again, maybe we just got a rotten Apple from the orchard.
I just ordered my 3rd new Cadillac Escalade, (all 3 were black) I had the 04, 07, and my new 08 is in. I absolutely love them. I will keep on buying them too. I have never had one engine problem with them. I use OnStar often. I find that the "directions and connections" thru OnStar more useful than the nav. I also love the hands free phone. The stereo is fantastic too. I have a lead foot so I love the 400 hp. It comes in handy often. The factory 22's are worth every penny. I have friends that tried to put on aftermarket 22's and the cannot get rid of the vibration. I live in upstate NY and have left them on through the winter. As long as you clean them, they are fine.
Most impressive appearance. (white diamond) Average 13 in town and 18 on trips. Had 98 Tahoe which this replaced. Ride much better and brakes improved. Third row seat hard to remove when need to haul. When in cruise control, keeps down shifting. Remote key won't work 50% of time. Had to have AC valve replaced, as was giving heated air on drivers side.
Love the Escalade. As for mileage, I'm pretty used to spending more at the pump, already owning an SUV. However, it gets poor mpg. Living in the city I get roughly 10.3 mpg. The best Hwy mpg was 17.6; pretty much coasting downhill. As for build quality, could be better for a luxury truck. Overall, very satisfied with the Escalade. 
This is my second Escalade and I was really excited about it. I bought a fully loaded awd black black. The problem is the transmission feels as though it's going to fall out of the car....the wors shifting ever. I manually shifted to see what gear 4 and 5th are the worst. Also the 55 lbs seats...I mean come on...my 125lb wife has no chance at getting them in/out. This car really is disappointing and they will feel it.
As this is now my second Escalade I do not believe as of now I will own anything else. Unless they come out with something that can beat the gas mileage. The exterior is great, the ride is amazing and all it takes is a small tap on the gas and you feel the 400 HP. As of right now GM has built a vehicle that is reliable and something that I know I can trust with my life and anyone that rides in it.
I've never thought to own a Cadillac ever! Oh, what a complete joy to drive this Escalade! I was going to get the new BMW X5, now I'm so glad that I got the Escalade instead. This is by far the best SUV on the market - best looking, most power and everything you wanted inside. My whole family loves it - my husband, my two little kids and of course myself. I am exited to drive it everyday. Yes, GM knows how to make an SUV!
My only complaint was the noise from towing a trailer. The sound of the hitch rattling was transmited into the cab. The ride in the cabin is so quiet and refined. The sound of the trailer was very appparent.
Purchased Dec'06 about 17000 miles so far. Only 2 issues, battery died first month, and heated seats didn't work even though cooled function worked, both fixed without further incident. The interior is user friendly and car-like, exudes luxury, huge improvement over previous generation. Very comfy seats. AC strong and cold in 100+ temps. 11mpg mixed 19mpg highway. My particular truck doesn't suffer the excessive wind noise but did notice it on the loaner. Changing from a CLK55AMG overall pleased with the vehicle. No vehicle is perfect, everyone has different needs. For overall combination of size, power, handling, luxury and utility, this is currently the segment leader. 
 I had the misfortune of choosing probably the worst Escalade in the lot. When I see all these "10" ratings in performance form other customers, I just feel like crying. Just bought a 2007 Escalade. I always wanted to have a Cadillac. I had a Navigator before (which I loved ) but the new ones are so ugly.. The Escalade is so impresive and beautiful.. But is probably the worst ride I ever had...starting with the loud wind noise, busy and rough shifting and having to "step on it" to get some kind of speed. I regret this buy big time. Dealer cannot "reproduce" the problem. I wany my Chrysler Pacifica back!
The sleeping giant is awake and has made one awesome vehicle. This is unbelievable how nice a suv this is. I love the looks you get from all types of people. But you should it's part of the new GM. "They're back". Doesn't get any better. Keep doing what you're doing. You have let all know who is number 1
I have had the LX470, Hummer h2 sut, test drove the Lincoln Navigator. The Lincoln was my second choice as I pull a boat and the LX470 is sorry to tow 6000 lbs. I went into the Caddy pessimistic because of the plastic wood and the uncomfortable seats and a stiffer than expected suspension. My Hummer was smoother. The Navigator dash design is horrible and the rear entertainment system looks like an aftermarket install. The Escalade will grow on you. It is the best SUV on the market. There isnt a better user friendly Nav entertainment system. If you do not choose this option you are missing out! I went in with a 2 year lease waiting for the new LX. I am staying with Caddy!
This is my 4th Escalade. Overall good experience. Love driving this vehicle. However, 2007 model is the least comfortable to drive. Interior is lovely, but smaller that previous years.
The new Escalade is extremely impressive with 400hp, creature comforts galore, and attractive styling. The comfort level of the new Escalade is extremely high. The seats are a little flat with little side support, but amazing seat warmers make up for it, same with the second row. The GPS and rear view camera system is the best I have ever experienced, even better than other Cadillacs. The styling is far better inside and out than all other competitors. The engine sounds great and has decent pull for such a large vehicle, even though the amazing engine suffers in fuel economy. I average about 12 with mostly city and the occasional highway.
I've had my '07 now for about 3 months. All in all I love it. Reading through a few reviews made me worried because of the reliability etc. I've not had a single issue with mine. Only issue I have is the gas mileage. But lets be honest, we're not buying an SUV this size for gas mileage. Turning radius is incredible, speed and power is perfect and the looks both in and out are top of the line- bar none. Expensive but worth it. I've test driven and owned several other luxury SUV's - BMW, Navigator, Range Rover etc., and I'm still glad I bought it.
Got my new 'Slade about a month ago. So far has 1000 miles. Love the power and comfort. The 403 hp enables me to quickly pass just about anything but a gas station. But I knew what I was in for and am pleasantly surprised by the highway mileage of 19 mpg. Around town it's less but that's the price you pay. Seats are very comfortable and long drives are no problem. Love the audio/nav system and the muted ride when the road is a bit rough. But it's still a truck. That said, there's absolutely no other vehicle I?d rather have than this one. Three friend recently bought Toyota Sequoia, Lexus GX and Aston Martin. I'll take my Escalade over them any day.
I have had this car for under a year, and I have never had a car need to go to service more in my life. I have had the brakes serviced 7 times already. It seems like one thing after another goes wrong, and for what you pay, I am horrified with the amount of time I have to deal getting the car serviced. I got it for the children, but what a mistake. I wish I had my 5 series back. Please do not get this vechicle it is the worst waste of money! The inside and exterior look is the only positive about this, but I want to be able to drive a car not just look at it in the driveway. I hope this helps you all!
Had it for about 1 1/2 months. Drive it as often as I can. Always look forwad to getting into it. The ride is smooth, quite and comfortable. 
I love the interior and exterior. The transmission is jumpy/bangs at "traffic/lower speeds" (stop/go @ 10mph and less. I've averaged about 11.5 mpg and have about 5500 miles on the vehicle so far. The wind noise on the drivers side is very pronounced. I don't buy the excuse that it's the mirrors as it's not 1/2 as loud on the passengers side. Overall I wish I had stuck with a new Denali XL or gone with the Benz GL. 
The vehicle is nothing less than spectacular. I bought it for my wife who is totally enamored with the looks, ride and performance. I opted for the 20" wheels, which saved acouple of bucks, and were a little unique, a good mix for ride quality.
I bought this vehicle in April '06. I loved the new style. The remote start and remote lift gate are great! Navigation and XM radio also great. I also love the climate-controlled front seats, heated steering wheel, and heated rear seats. GM still can't figure out flat folding 3rd seats though! And no auto up windows? Come on! Also, I hate that it has no telescoping steering wheel. My driver door had rattle since day one. I have been to dealer five times, and they can't stop it. Now I have a vibration in the front dash, too. And, the brakes squeak terribly in cool, damp weather! The dealer looked at them twice and says nothing can be done. This is my fourth GM vehicle, but first with squeaky brakes - and it's a Caddy. Overall, I like the vehicle, but am not sure that I'd get another one
I have the 2007 AWD Escalade and if I had to sum it up the words would be "perfect blend." This SUV has more power than any other I have driven, so when I read that it is under powered by other reviews I don't know what their comparing it to? Maybe the Corvette. The improvements in the interior is one the main reasons I bought this vehicle. The nav system is very fast and full of information, while the Bose stereo system sounds incredible, the plasma screen DVD players in front and back are crystal clear. I have the optional 22" rims and to me this SUV still has a smooth ride and takes bumps well. So I say to people who consider this SUV compare apples to apples and you won't be disappointed. 
I have had this vehicle for about six months, and I have to say that it is the best vehicle that I have ever owned. My last vehicle was an Expedition, and the motor, driving, interior, exterior of the Escalade are many times better. Great job in making me look so good while driving my vehicle. Just one thing bothers me, actually two. One is the fact that a vehicle like mine does not have a fuel button! I have to go outside:( and the engine key is so not "Cadillac", while other lesser vehicles have push button start ups, and all sort of nice keys, Cadillacs is disappointing. Besides that, this is the best large SUV on the freeway.
I haven't sold my '04 Escalade yet and I can't wait to get rid of my '07 model so that I can sit comfortably again. How could GM switch the comfy seats for these cardboard-ones? I got tired after driving for an hour, bumping around on roads I used to think were smooth, having my thoughts drowned in the engine, road, wind, and interior-noise! The Cashmere interior is too bright and will look old in six months.. It still has no flat folding 3rd row seats. And it still has no telescoping steering wheel.. Even though the styling is generally improved (mostly in the exterior front, the back looks like any GMC-truck) the over-sleekness of the interior came with a price - loss of personality. The engine sounds impressive, but lacks the power to impress. Overall this truck has a cheep feeling.
I purchased my 2007 Cadillac Escalade in March '06 when it was first released and have put about 10,000 miles on it. It's been flawless in every way and all the tech gadgets work the way they are supposed to. As far as climate control, I already suffered through a long heat wave with temps above 100 and the AC performed flawlessly. You can start the car remotely and by the time you get in it it will have already cooled down considerably. Once you get in and blast the AC and ventilated seats you will be pretty cold. Anyway, I look forward to your feedback as to how it actually performs in your area. Good luck. 
The 2007 Cadillac Escalade is an excellent truck. It has a great engine. It needs more leg room in front and second rows though.
I have had problems with chopping the outside edge of the front tires. The tailgate on the EXT just falls open. The edge at the back of the tailgate is higher than the gate itself, a design flaw.
This is my 4th Escalade, one was an EXT, the others are the AWD models. They consistently have shown very good quality, reliability, and performance. It still rides a bit harsher than I would like, but it handles reasonably well. I have been sufficiently impressed with this vehicle to keep coming back to "the well." It's nice to drive something this nice that's built in this country, actually Arlington Texas. 
I just did a test drive on both the '07 Navigator and the '07 Escalade. The BIG difference was the motor and the instrument electronics. The Escalade's ride was very nice as was the handling. The seats in the Navigator were a bit better, as was the 3rd row seating but I saw a drop off in the engineers to incorporate the electronics the way Escalade did. I now own the Escalade. The styling was the major factor in my decision. The Navigator was a bit cheaper even with the options packages. I'm not buying the Escalade for gas savings, but it's nice to know you can use regular gas when it's crunch time! 
Well I have been driving an Escalade for seven years now and love it! Ready to try on the new 2007 model, I drove to the dealership to pick it up! Cadillac is well aware of my disappointment, I called them! This is a $65,000 - $70,000 truck and I felt the interior quality was significantly lower than in years past! You can see dramatic cuts they made to make it seem more roomy! The seats are less comfortable and the cup holders, ha! The windows don't power up! The automatic back hatch is awesome though. At least that's an improvement. But bring back my confy seats! I think I want my 2004 Escalade back! 
I like the car a lot, except that the wind and road noise are really bad. A friend I took on a long road trip said his two year old Tahoe is much quieter. Sad, but I have to agree with him. The dealer adjusted the doors once but it didn't help. Is there a fix out there? 
This is my first American-made vehicle in 15 years...and lovin' my new Escalade. It has a wonderful ride and most of the features that I wanted (no Bluetooth -- come on GM!). The exterior styling is fantastic...just the right amount of chrome. The interior is much improved, it's wonderful for an American-made SUV. GM still has plenty to learn from Lexus, BMW and Infiniti.
I love this truck! My 9 year old son calls her the Escalady, what a lady she is! I have driven my 2007 Escalade for 6 months and 12,000 miles. I still can't get over all of the yearning stares (male and female, young and old) and comments about what a beautiful vehicle it is. After all the Escalade is at the top of the food chain. Power is delivered smoothly over the entire power curve. The engine runs quietly at cruising speeds. Push down your right foot and experience spirited acceleration along with a throaty harmonic sound of unbridled power and arrogance. Its fand finish is luxurious. The import luxury SUVs don't even come close! I looked at them all! Cadillac is back on top. 
This is the sixteenth new Cadillac we have bought and the best one ever. It makes you feel safe. It's easy to drive, to park, has navigation, OnStar, and all around audio is fantastic. I plan to keep this car a long time. 
The new 2007 Cadillac Escalade has the hottest body styling on the market right now. The car is tuned for speed, but still can be driven comfortably. The engine is wisper quiet while crusing on the highway, but wakes up instantly with one touch of your right foot. So if you're looking for a luxury SUV with the heart of a sports car this is the buy for you.
The 2007 Cadillac Escalade is one teriffic vehicle. I puchased all the available options with no regret. Finally, a car company not afraid to put in a remote engine starter as standard fair. Don't even get me started on the awsome cooled seats. I found about 15 little features that aren't even documented, did you know the heat/air fan automatically slows (quiets) when you make a phone call so the noise doesn't interfere with the call? How about just touching the turn indicator for half a second and the turn indicator continues to flash 4 additional times. Cool stuff. The ride in this vehicle is truly the best. This truck is worth the expense. I love the new look and interior.
The new 50/50 body distribution of the Escalade makes for great handling and it stops on a dime. The third seat air curtain is great for those who are carrying extra passengers. The Escalade even has a number of color options. It rides as smoothly as a sedan...
I must say that Cadillac and GM got their act together when designing the new Escalade. We have the ESV model and nothing can come close to it. So far I can only say great things about this truck! It truly defies its size the way it accelerates and drives. It sounds like a muscle car from the outside and the 6.2 liter V8 loves to rev. The 6-speed auto is actually pretty good on gas on the highway. Its a bit thirsty around town but understand we are talking about an 8-passenger 3 ton vehicle here. If you need the room and are looking for a first class SUV there is nothing that compares to the Escalade! Write the check and get one!
The 2007 Cadillac Escalade is a great vehicle. We have every option in it. It is very comfortable. The cooled seats are great in the South. The remote start option is great for warming up the engine. I love everything about it.
After test driving multiple Escalades over the past month, I have to say that I was completly let down. While the exterior is absolutely stunning, the interior fails to impress. The interior is not of solid construction at all. Opening the center console I felt like I was going to break it, it is very shaky. Overall the quality of the interior of the Cadillac just seemed very cheaply constructed to me. The power of the engine also failed to impress me as well. After driving it on the open interstate and flooring it a couple times, it just failed to impress.
This Cadillac is an awesome car inside and out. It has great power and all the luxury that you expect. The chrome on the exterior really makes it stand out. That was a big eye catcher for my husband and I. We are very happy with our Cadillac and have no regrets. I would tell anyone that likes Cadillac or SUVs that this is the vehicle for them. 
Hi. I recently purchased my Escalade and prior to that I owned a 2004 GMC Yukon Denali. Let me tell you there is no comparison between the two. The new Escalade is just built so much more solidly. I am so glad that I choose this truck. I recommened it to any one looking for a real head turner.
I traded in my 2003 Escalade for the new '07 model. When I first saw them I wasn't sold, but after a closer look and examining the interior, I was sold. This truck is great...it's scary how much Cadillac stepped up their game to compete with Lexus and Infiniti. The previous models had kiddie interior layouts but this layout meets the money that you pay for the truck. I am very pleased and have no regrets about spending the extra money.
This my sisxteenth brand new Cadillac it is the best yet. It rides and drives like my sedans and makes me feel like the Queen of the Road. It has great pick up, is easy to park, and makes me feel protected.
My previous problem with the rear view camera has gone away and now I am left with a vehicle that is just incredible. The power is awesome, the comfort level is great and it's a ton of fun to drive.
I confess...the '07 Cadillac Escalade appearance sucked me in. There have been many changes in to it for '07, like a new ft suspension, punched out the 6.0 to 6.2L added more HP, heated and cooled seats, a heated steering wheel, and other great creature comforts. If you have a need for a large SUV, this is the one! The gas mileage is great for it?s class!. Don't hate the luxury sport UTILITY vehicle and it's mileage...hate the people who buy one with out really needing them! If your like me and spend a lot of time in your vehicle, tow occasionally, haul light materials.. Maybe it is time you pampered yourself? It is everything I expected. The '08 model can only get better from here.
My last three cars have been a Dodge, a Lincoln and now General Motors. What a disaster! The Escalade is a nice truck and it rides well, but the rearview camera has not worked right from day one. "Service rearview camera" flashes on the screen when going from park into drive. The service staff at my Cadillac dealership are totally clueless and pretty much don't care. Maybe they will care when GM gets my survey. The truck only has 250 miles. 
This truck is much improved! I traded in my 2005 for it and I can honestly say that I like the look and feel of the '07 model much better. The extra cost was well worth it!
This is one of the nicest SUV's on the market. I looked at all makes this time before buying and after a test drive.....was sold. I love it!
I bought this vehicle a month ago and I like it very much. Now Lexus and other luxury manufacturers have competition in the SUV segment. Cadillac has shown a great improvement with the production of this ultimate large size SUV. I am so glad to see that the brakes have also been improved. The interior is also very nice. I like the rear view camera. I love its ride on road and also on off road. It has the great power and torque. Its 6 speed gear box is also quick responding. I have taken this large size monster to the hottest area of my country and even at 52 degree centigrade my vehicle was able to travel at high speeds, I was surprised to see that from an SUV.
This is my 4th Escalade, I started buying them in '02. This seems to be the best one yet, it continues to look great, especially in black with 22" wheels. The navigation system is easy to use but has had glitches, When it warms up and the vehicle is shut off, it will not resume operation, stating "disc misread". The ride is very good as it has been in all of my previous models and it continues to be easy to manuever. This one is very fast for an SUV this big, it's just 0.5 seconds slower 0-60 than my 1970 GTO "Judge." Its build quality appears to remain solid and dealer service has in the past been excellent and local which is great! I will continue to purchase this model.
I have had 4 Escalades, 3 Devilles, 2 Sevilles and one CTS. Every single time I want to get a new model, I go out and test drive other makes and models and.....go back to Cadillac. The new Nissan Armada is just like driving a big old bulky truck....not AT ALL like the Escalade, the Lexus GX 470 disappointed me also as did the BMW (too small) and Mercedes (too small). The Lincoln Navigator also was short changed on the interior, it just felt plastic-like...NOTHING like the Escalade. The 2007 has pep and can bust out at the light or passing on a two lane road. The changes from 2006 to 2007 are PROMINENT and VERY WORTH WHILE. I also would rate this gem as one of the SEXIEST SUVs on the market.
The dealership-I am a repeat customer- was helpful and the vehicle exceeded my expectations in luxury and comfort. The exterior design is great, but the added creature comforts inside this next generation of Escalade are amazing. The seats are so comfortable and the instrument panel is very clear and easy to read day and night. I can't praise this SUV enough.
Yeah the 2007 Cadillac Escalade is pretty much a great vehicle. IT drives nicely and looks hot going down the road. I'd reccomend it to anyone looking for comfort AND style. Fo sho. buy one today!
This is by far the best Escalade yet. It drives as smooth as butter, is extremely comfortable, has load of power with the 403 hp engine and gets average fuel mileage. I traded in a 2004 Range Rover and haven't regretted it for one second. It's a real head turner and gets looks everywhere I go. I would highly recommed this vehicle. There's nothing like a Cadillac.
Cadillac has done a nice job of restyling the Escalade but unfortunately they have a way to go to beat their Japanese competitors. The outside is beuatiful and the inside looks good but looks can be deceiving. There is almost no storage room in the back, the rear windows only open part way, the sideboard windows not at all. The upgraded stereo is marginal and little things like the cuip holders are still cheap and not what you would expect on a vehicle at this cost. Gas mileage to date is terrible, around 11- 12 miles per gallon in mixed (city/hiway) traffic. There are a number of rattles in the vehicle as well. All things considered, I would have expected more from a vehicle at this price.
This new rebuild of the Escalade is awesome. They have made many improvements from their older models. The new dash layout is fantastic, especially if you get it with the info package. The touch screen navigation is easier to navigate then with buttons and knobs. The instrument panel competes with many other luxury vehicles as well. And one great feature that this truck has that I have not seen on any other cars is the intellibeam system which puts the highbeams on when it pitch black, this is great for turnpike driving when there's oncoming vehicles. Overall I think General Motors out did themselves, and I would recommend this truck to anyone.
This truck is the best. I think as far as SUVs go it stands alone. It's in a class by itself. The only way to know how good this truck is is to own one. I have had many other SUVs and the '07 Escalade just takes you on another journy. If you don't own one you are missing out.
This is my third Escalade. Have had an '02 and '04 and now '07. This is the best yet. They solved most all of my issues with previous models. Dash is lower and well laid out, visibility better both fore an aft. Seats are a little smaller but still very comfortable. New 6 speed tranny is much better on response through the full range and seems to get better mileage than my '04. Navigation system is a vast improvement. Ride is much more controlled. Plush without giving up responsiveness. Fold and tumble seats are nice but having to manually put them back up is a waste. Power lift and close rear gate is a wonderful feature.
The 2007 Cadillac Escalade is an awesome truck! Its Lexus-like interior and and elegant and classy exterior along with 403 hp combine to make this a stunning vehicle! Cadillac really hit a major home run with this one!
The 2007 Escalade is unbelievable in almost every aspect. It has plenty of power with outstanding fuel milage. Its ride is top notch, better than most luxury cars. This is the premier vehicle to have.
I bought my 2007 Cadillac Escalade three days ago and I couldn't be any happier. When I drove off the dealership parking lot I felt like I was in another world. This SUV is amazingly powerful and outstandingly comfortable. The mileage isn't as great as my old Tahoe had, but this truck gives you a lot for the money you pay. It has awesome electronic gadgets and a lot of room for anyone who wants to ride. I plan on modifying it a little bit to make it the true babe magnet. This SUV has totally made me the happiest person on earth.
The 2007 Escalade blows all other SUVs out of the water. It has 403 Hp which nobody else can touch, not Hummer or Lincoln! I love this vehicle. Cadillac did a great job of slightly compacting the SUV and further improving its aggility and great ride. To anyone who is looking for a luxury SUV, this is the vehicle for you!
The 2007 Cadillac Escalade looks great and drives great. Its new opitions have Cadillac written all over them. The new Escalade is finally a true Cadillac.
Enjoyed the dealer experience. But when you have a pile of crap like the ESV to sell, they wont be in business long. Had in shop more than we have driven her. The rear windshield washer wiper now wont work. Horrible gas mileage and the auto transmission shifts into higher gear too guickly. If you have to buy this sized SUV, get a used Sub or Yuk. Wouldnt own another, trust me.!!
What do you buy used for $50K? Answer a low mileage, late model Denali for $30K and save the $20K. The dealership experience was top of the line. But we are having the black paint redone, interior detailed and some work completed under warranty. We have had the unit for 4 weeks and driven her 5 times. We are so spoiled by having 20 yrs of experience with Lexus, decided to try the ESV since it really looks so wonderful. Get past the looks, this isn't worth the 70K new and questionable if worth the $42K we spent. If I ever decide to be more positive about this experience, I will write you an update.
I bought this for my wife, we have 52,000 miles on it now and we have really enjoyed it. We had very little trouble wit this truck!! I would buy another one in a heart beat!!!
I will start by saying I love the look of this SUV. It looks sharp coming down the road. Beautiful design. But we have had nothing but trouble with this vehicle. It has been in the shop more than I can count. I usually wait until 3-4 things are wrong before I put it in the shop now. The wind noise is unbelievable. It is extremely loud on the highway on a windy day. If you are wanting a quiet vehicle, this is not it. We have never paid this much for a vehicle and have been nothing but disappointed. Seems like the designers could have worked out all of the wind noise before they produced the car. We are trading it in very soon and hoping for a quieter vehicle with less trouble.
i just bought a new esv and i love it its so good to drive and has good comfort the bad part in this car is the sound its so good but it works bose sound system if you are looking for a car this is the one that i highly say yes to :)
I'm only 5 feet tall and was scared to purchase this car. Boy was I pleasantly surprised! It handles beautifully and I have no problems at all with it. It is so beautiful inside. My boys love the DVD system. It is the King of SUV's! I'm so happy we purchased this 
I bought my first Escalade in April of 06. There have been so many problems and design flaws. First and foremost, why would you put the DVD player under the seat? You can't even stretch your legs without kicking it. The wireless headphones broke easily. The third row is pretty much for babies and toddlers only. The legroom is comical. Too much plastic too. Sometimes the DVD player won't turn off too. No fold flat seats or MP3 jack and the second row seats are really loud when you let them down. On the bright side, the performance is outstanding, the interior quality is great, and I love all of the features.
We bought the 2007 Escalade ESV as a step up from our Durango. We absolutely loved it. Starting the next day after signing, the problems started. Keyless remote start wouldn't work, then the heated seats quit, not once but 3 different times, the airconditioner wasn't working, the module for the tire pressure quit working, the heat in the back quit working and more. We have now owned this thing for 3 months and its been in the shop over 30 of those days on 9 different occassions. I would never ever buy another one!! 70K wasted....sigh
I have had my 2007 ESV for almost a year and after spending almost $70,000 on it, I am extremely disapponted. For a company that brags about "the quietest ride ever", it is loudest vechicle I have ever been in. The wind noise is so bad that I am thinking of trading it in already. I have had it into the dealer 5 times with to no avail. It sounds like the windows are rolled down and the wind is blowing 90 mph. I wouldn't recommend that anyone buy this ESV until some MAJOR changes happen. 
This SUV is way beyond what I had expected. It has dramatically changed from the previous model. Everything is better more dramatic in design. No one can mistake this SUV for any other.
Over all we love this vehicle, however we are very unhappy with the wind noise and have had it into the dealership 4 times to try and have it corrected. The dealership has done everything the manufacturer has recommended and there has not been much improvement it sounds like the windows are not all the way up and is very annoying as we did not plan on spending money and have this problem. Love the seats with the A/C as we live in Florida. Drives beautifully.
I enjoy every aspect of my big, bold and beautiful ESV! It is very comfortable for my legs at 6'6". I love the strong growl of the engine, it's like a muscle car on steroids. I guess it's an SUV with an asterisk. I was very careful before spending over $60K for a vehicle. I did the comparisons with all the other leading luxury SUVs - none compared in features and power (403 horsepower!) This SUV is the King! I bought this car becauase I liked everything about it. I never thought I would so many looks and compliments and 'thumbs ups' in traffic. This SUV turns heads! I have no idea how sane person could give this SUV a bad rating. Go drive it for yourself... 
OK, well I am an avid Escalade cheerleader! I have owned one for seven years and decided to buy the 2007 model! Hmmmm, well the interior looks so huge because they took out the soft plush seats and replaced them with crappy flat uncomfortable seats! It drives like a bus parking it in a tight parking spot at the grocery store is scary to say the least! The bells and whistles are great, 22s, navigation, XM radio, two DVDs, but come on if the base package isn't right who cares about the bells and whistles! Come on the 2007 Escalade is not a true Cadillac! Save you money buy a 2003 - 2006 model of Escalade, I PROMISE you wont be disappointed!
After coming out of a '03 Navigator I believe Caddy stepped up to the plate. I test drove the '07 Naviagator and Expedition. The Escalade ESV is a superior vehicle. 103hp is considerable. The exterior styling is very well executed.
I have had Chevy Trucks for years, but this thing is awesome! It has unreal braking capability for such a large vehicle and great accleration too! I love the styling and the interior is extremely comfortable and roomy (I am 6'9" with long legs). I can't say enough about it!
This is my fifth Cadillac Escalade. It is just a great SUV. It is one of the best vehicles that I have driven in many years.
This truck is truly amazing and rides and handles as though it is substantially smaller. The perfomrance is fantastic and the fit and finish are top notch. I have the White Diamond with the Ebony interior. When comparing this truck to the European and Asian large SUV's the ESV wins on space and comfort. Besides, the rumble of the V8 engine sounds like my '71 Vette. The NAV system and the entertainment system are great along with the rear camera. Air conditioned seats are a feature I thought I never needed and now wonder on those hot summer days how we did without. Its gas mileage isnt to bad for its size. Remember it weighs close to 3 tons so 14 mpg's ain't too shabby. I have gotten over 17 on the highway. 
I went from a 2003 Ford Excursion to the best SUV on the planet. I love my Caddy from bumper to bumper. I have all the bells and whistles on my Escalade. Compared to all of the previous SUVs that I've owned none come close to the dynamic handling, superior interior, and powerful engine. The ESV is the SUV bar none!
This is an amazing SUV. They have improved the engine, it now has 403hp. It has a spacious trunk compared to the regular Escalade. It drives great, it's not that fun to drive around due to its size but it's really great on trips.
The escalade ESV is a great family SUV. One problem is that there aren't that many interior options. Also, the seats get dirty very easily. It takes regular unleaded fuel, so there are no worries about the high cost of Premium. My truck gets 12 mpg city, and 17 mpg highway.
I've had luxury cars and I've had SUV's. This one brings it all together in one package. It provides great styling and a great ride. Its interior is really classy. It has lots of luxury items throughout. The navigation system and back-up rear camera are both really top notch. Mine is black and came with 22 inch chrome wheels. I have never had a car that gets so many "looks" running down the street. I know part of that is because it is so new, (and, after all, it IS a Cadillac), but the bold front grille and clean lines with just the right amount of chrome, really grabs attention. The engine has lots of power and acceleration, not like a big vehicle, at all. I can't wait to get in it going to or coming home from work. 
I love it! I went from an '03 ESV to the '07 and what a difference! the new one has an awesome interior...it is very comfortable and everything is where it should be. It rides nice and appears to handle much better than the '03. A couple of additional items would have made this the perfect truck: Bluetooth, Auto-up windows, and better fuel economy...early indications are about 10 MPG city / 14 MPG Highway...a far cry from the 13 City / 19 Hwy that are found in other reviews.
The ride is much more comfortable than my GMC Denali. It handles and responds well.It has plenty of storage room.It accelerates great and corners well. I would recommend this truck (luxury vehicle) to anyone that asks. However it could stand some improvements to compete with the imports.
This is my fourth EXT and by far the best. It rides like a luxury car not a truck. After 20,000 miles it still rides like I just purchased it. Plaudits to Cadillac on this one.
After 20 + years of Silverados I decided to upgrade to an EXT since I've retired and don't really need a "working truck" any more. I'm completely satisfied with the looks, performance, comfort and handling. I pull a travel trailer occasionally and need the power so mileage wasn't really a concern. At this point I don't see my going to any other type if and when I purchase another one.
Wow! What a beautiful truck! Powerful, functionality as a truck, but luxurious appointments, all in one. The exterior turns heads and receives many compliments. But the interior is wonderful -- great style, nice materials, an incredible Bose surround sound system. Life is good in this truck. 
Very quiet and smooth. Nice new features. Lots of power. However, does not feel quite as quick as my 04 EXT, that only had a 4 speed automatic & 345 HP. Acceleration from lower speeds feels like the engine's power is not fully making it to the wheels. Acceleration from higher freeway speeds is awsome. This vehicle does so many things well, that it is hard for me to consider driving anything else. Let's see, It has nice overall styling, great power, luxury seating / interior & comforts that match just about any luxury vehicle, plus tremendious utility. Could use an MP3, bluetooth hook-up, and more cubby storage spaces inside.Those minor things aside, a safe practical vehicle for many purposes. 
The new EXT is bold and fresh. Chrome details really stick out give this vehicle a real wow factor. Not only is it fun to drive, but the EXT also serves some utility features as well. The power sidesteps are pretty neat also. If you really want to stand out and drive in the lap of luxury this vehicle is for you. As far as gas mileage goes, don't buy one if you will have trouble filling it up.
Solid built truck, with the luxury you can not add to any other truck. Downside is only aftermarket Bluetooth.
this truck is lots of fun, it gets up to speed like most cars so it doesnt feel like you are actually driveing a full size truck, and the remote start and a/c seats make summer time enjoyfull for a black on black truck
This is my second EXT and I think this truck looks and rides great. I kinda liked the "body armor" that the '05 had but I'll get used to it. As far as mileage, you don't buy a truck like this for economy. Still, Cadillac needs to stop cutting corners and go all out, we will buy it even if it cost more.
The vehicle is stunning. A real head turner. I love the ride and quietness. I previously owned two Avalanches and there is no comparison. I do miss the captain's chairs and the storage theAvalanche had with all the cubby holes etc. I don't like the center console setup of the Escalade.
I traded in my '04 EXT for this '07. The '07 has much better fit and finish and the new engine is very powerful. I am not crazy about the 6 speed trans. because it is always shifting, and I am experiencing a severe vibration when in overdive. The dealer I bought this from has a top notch service department and they think this might have something to do with the trans. or the differential, either way it only has 1,000 miles on it and there shouldn't be anything wrong.
I bought this truck just before Thanksgiving after haggling with the uncooperative dealer for a month. It was well worth the wait. It has superb styling and comfort, beautiful Diamond White paint, 22" wheels and best of all NO sunroof! The Escalade EXT has excellent power and great handling for a truck, but terrible fuel economy. Also, the lack of interior storage space is disappointing, it does not even have a sunglasses holder like my Suburbans had. The console storage is very limited and anything stored in the top part is dumped around every time the lower console is accessed. It has a great instrument panel layout. The heated/cooled seats are very comfortable. I love the heat for my sore old back! This truck has superb headlights and driving lights.
The 2007 Escalade EXT is my 3rd Cadillac truck. I miss the sun visors from prior models. My 2003 had two visors with a pull out for the 3rd visor. Now there is only one and you are forced to set in a different position to keep the Florida sun out of your eyes. The tailgate is a total design flop. The painted surface sticks up higher than the black deck. If you use it as a TRUCK you will soon see all the paint gone on the edge of the tail gate. Probably like all vehicles the price went up and the quality went down hill.
This truck is very beautiful. It makes people stare. They come up to you in parking lots and gas stations to comment on the beauty. I have a 2006 Cadillac STS V8 fully loaded and it has been parked since I got the Escalade. I am 6'5" and this truck has ample leg room and head room. It also has a great ride. I am looking forward to a road trip in the spring. This truck is beautiful, versatile, and powerful. I would recommend the 2007 to anyone.
I must say I am very impressed with this truck! Although you can feel the weight behind the truck, the ride comfort and performance are excellent. I love the functionality of having a truck for the occasional tow and the ability to haul the periodic large purchase. I traded my 2004 Silverado LT for the refinement of the Cadillac. Despite the fact that the two vehicles are completely incomparable the only downfall to the Cadillac is that it is too gorgeous to get dirty. The EXT is definitely a head-turner. I think GM has the most market for the high-end truck. However, if the functionality of having a truck didn't prevail, my wife liked the BMW X5's interior over the Escalade's.
I have bought two new Escalades. An '02 and an '04, but I have to tell you, Cadillac out did themselves with the '07's. This truck drives and handles like you cannot believe. The dealer gave me a new Escalade SUV to drive until my EXT came in two weeks later. It drove fantasticly as does my EXT. The driving experience is night and day between the earlier models and the redesigned '07. This is my first EXT and it is a blast. I have been given a lot of "nice truck" comments with the SUV's, but man they are coming fast and furius with the EXT...heads turning every which way. Only bad thing...I paid full list for the EXT. Ouch! Well to be the first on the block I guess you have to pay to play...lol.
The new Cadillac Escalade EXT is the phattest Cadillac ever! It is a major upgrade over the '06 model. Everything from the styling, engine, and cabin is better. It's by far the hottest vehicle on the road!
Good looks and convienient, very useful, cargo space or 3rd seat, kids love it, too small for adults but this is a crossover anyway, not a minivan. front looks outdated, it should have been more like 07 cts, just a minor facelift could have been a tremendous benefit. Full of anoying electrical glitches, sunroof backs up when rear windoes are closing, can't be fixed, seat belt jammed and replaced twice. Don't buy this car w/o a warranty. Very good handling and performance for its size but slow compare to 2010 RSX. Electric rear seats are a slow, it should have been manual (like acura- MDX). Need better care to built and fix minor problems. Poor mileage. I would buy another one if improved.
Steering wheel can not be adjusted towards driver. If you like to have steering wheel close to you and you are tall, knees will push against the dashboard and keys. Seating is rather sports car than SUV (legs will be very high). TERRIBLE leg room for the front passenger - check the narrowing on the left. Navigation system is lousy: touch screen is very non-responsive, route (pink) is colored almost the same as the other roads (red), very frustrating - trying to find something on map manually with assisting windows popping up w/o need and making the search area narrow. 3rd row seating only suits small kids. 2nd row mid seat tall passenger bumps head against switches. Resale value - disaster.
I had not bought an American car since the late 1980s and was afraid to try it again. But this car was such a looker, drove so well and was priced so attractively that I couldn't turn it up. I have been very happy with the car, with the exception of the gas mileage. I do a mix of about half city/half highway driving and I manage to average 15-16 mpg. On the freeway I get 21-23 mpg depending on road/weather conditions. I think the car could probably benefit from a slightly larger wheel size but as that would only decrease MPG I am happy enough with what it came with.
We've owned Cadillacs over 30 years but this is first crossover vehicle. It is exceptionally efficient on ice and snow. Would I buy another SRX? Probably not. When I have passengers in the SRX there is no place for my purse except in cargo area which is very inconvenient. Mileage per gallon is poor and the small gas tank requires frequent stops to buy gasoline. Rear entry door is exceedingly slow opening and closing. Aluminum trim on heat vents on dash reflect and glare badly in both outside rear view windows, a serious problem. Lacks interior dash control for rear entry door, very inconvenient.
After being with Audi, Mercedes, and Infiniti for the last 16 years, the SRX is a great find. We picked up a slightly used SRX4 with just under 1,600 miles for $11K under list. We also opted for the Cadillac certification so we have 5 years of $0- decuctible bumper-to-bumper warranty on it. I have already brought it in to address a couple of items like the sunroof being slow/stuck and the clock being noisy (sunroof motor and clock replaced w/o questions). The interior is just about as luxurious as the germans, my 12 year old likes curling up in the 3rd row after tiring sports, and the V8 performs. If it only got 25 mpg, it would be perfect.
This car reminds me of the NY Yankees. On paper, it just can't be beat. On the road, and day to day there are some glaring misses. Unless this is fixed in the next model year, I will not buy again. Now my detail: A great handler. Excellent solid feel of the road. Beautful look and touch. Quiet and smooth ride. Now the problem; 1) Terrible heat and air control for back seats. 2) No button to open the hatch, you have to use the remote, and that takes practice. 3) with the rear ent system, you only get 1 cd/dvd. Just one, what's the deal with that? 4)3rd row electric seat is a death march and not simple either. Nothing like waiting 3 minutes in the rain for a seat. 
December 30th will be 1 year since we leased this car. Since then we have replaced 1 battery, 6 tires, (all locations), 2 front wheels, a timing chain, a steering rack and a CV joint. While the servicing dealer has been great the fact remains that we still have a "vibration", or "rumble" at various speeds. Since filing lemon law papers and bringing back car for "last chance" repair, we are now informed that this is "typical/usual" to this car. They didn't say that the first 4 times car was in & they replaced wheels and tires. Otherwise we love the car!
I've never written a review before but I felt this car deserves one. I can't say enough nice things about this car...great ride, easy to handle, sharp styling. Lots of fun to drive and very roomy. 
I just bought an SRX. It rides so good. We have 2 kids And they do not like to sit in the same seat so the thrid row comes handy. We put in a DVD player. I love the sunroof and the one in the thrid row. 
Cadillac is unable to resolve a problem with hesitation when going up hills. Otherwise car handles well and is essentially a large station wagon. Gas mileage is poorer than window sticker.
I love this car with a few minor exceptions. With the sport package, the 20 inch wheels, and all black outside, there are not very many better looking SUVs on the road. With the V8, it's just plain fast. But, I am only getting 13.5 MPG, less than in the Escalade I traded in. And, the Escalade took regular gas. Seats could be a bit more comfortable but not bad.
The Cadillac SRX is a nice crossover SUV, that is often overlooked by people shopping in this price range, who often buy the Acura MDX. I really didn't want an MDX, becuase it is considered a "mommy- Mobile", so I chose the SRX. I am very impressed with it so far, it has great handling, a nice ride, and a very luxurious interior. The only demerits are a couple of squeaks from the cargo area, and some occasional wind noise
Run over curbs and your only clue will be the sound and the bump. The high beltline and the huge poorly placed and conceived sideview mirrors make manuvering an athletic stretching event. It has great handling on the road but my wife and I much prefered her S-10 Blazers for everyday driving and drive thru windows. We have had great service for the very few issues we've had.
I am so impressed with my 2007 SRX. The interior is wonderful and very driver friendly. The leather and wood- grain look great. I looked at a lot of mid-sized SUV's and sedans...this is the best of both worlds. We got the 3rd row seating because we have 5 grandkids. Even the older kids love the "very back" seat. When they are not with us it folds down to a full size storage area. The sunroof is incredible. I will never be without OnStar or hands-free phone service. Both are great security features. The car's phone has worked in areas where my regular cell phone would not. It cost more per minute..but when needed it is well worth it. It is funny to have a car with its own phone #. 
I purchased a V8 AWD with the sport package. The V6 SRX is more than adequate but for a little less gas mileage the V8 makes the SRX that much more enjoyable. Here is a first for me, after owning German, American and Japanese luxury cars, this is the first time I did not need to go back to the dealer to correct a minor or major problem. You heard right, no issues at all for the first 4 month and 4000 miles. The SRX drives extremely well, very responsive controlled ride, very fast and the six speed shifts at the right times even w/o electing to shift yourself. Workmanship and the new interior are world class. I am not easy to please but this is the best crossover out there and blows Lexus away
Large crossover. Handles and drives like a car, not a truck. Magnaride suspension really helps with that and is well worth the $1650. 3rd seat mostly for kids but for the rare occaisions I need it, it is perfect. It stores in the floor at the push of a button.
The V8 engine works well on flat straight roads. With the mountain driving I do, the 6 speed is geared too high and it continously losses powers and shifts, even in the S mode. In a 25 mile stretch of mountain driving the engine shifted 40 times in regular drive and 33 times in the "s" mode. Very dissappointed in the performance of this car. The back up warning is useless, the is only a audio warning when you are within 12 to 18 inches of an object and only if your reverse speed is 3 to 5 mph. Otherwise you are required to look about the back window for lights to determine if there is something behind you. 
I absolutely love my SRX! I looked at these for two years before finally taking the plunge with a 2007 V6 with the third row power folding seat. I wasn't sure I really wanted an SUV since I had driven a luxury sedan for years, but the transition was effortless. My husband wanted me to get the Ecalade but I felt that was just too big but the SRX is perfect! The ride is wonderful, and I have no problem parking and turning like you can have with other large SUV's. 
Had an '05 SRX and thought I needed a bigger rig to hall the kids so I got the Yukon XL Denali and then I knew I missed the fun, exillerating drive of the SRX. So I'm back. Got the fully loaded V8, all the toys! Rides like a dream, corners like a sports car, hauls the kids with fun. Open sky with both roofs, and AWD for the NH snow! Black on Black...head turning! I think Cadillac missed the call to market this exciting crossover. Fun to drive, quality build, upscale materials, power to spare! You'll love driving the V8. Now go out and get your Caddy SRX and take to the highway. It's a fun sporty crossover. 
I replaced my BMW 325xi with the SRX V8 fairly fully loaded. I wanted something fun, sporty to drive yet that would have the space for both passengers and stuff for the growing family plus that I could use for visiting business customers. The SRX which we recently got has really blown us away on all fronts. Outstanding interior, comfort and the driving experience for a car of this size is just a hair less dynamic than the BMW - quite amazing really. Fuel economy is so-so, but I expected that. At least it takes regular fuel so there is savings versus premium on most comparable vehicles. This vehicle has the best of all worlds - comfort, performance, fun, luxury and utility! 
We traded in an '04 CTS and opted for the larger SRX. It really is an awesome vehicle. The power is strong throughout all the gears. If you didn't know it was a 6 cylinder, you would think it was an "8". Great ride, supportive seats The roof is fantastic. Quiet ride. Paint is top quality. Anyone thinking of a mid size SUV ought to give this one a look. Congrats to Cadillac. Mileage is mediocre, 4300 pounds is the reason.
I love our new AWD V6 SRX. It has the Luxury/Premium seat packages, power pedals, and is Silver with an Ebony interior. It drives great and handles excellently when tossed through the corners. Having driven it near it's limits at a C&D ride and drive last year left the feeling that it could be our new vehicle when our Envoy went back. Who can beat the deal, with the great finance rates and rebates I got this one for $500 under invoice with just a phone call. The fact that I bought from the biggest Cadillac dealer in the country might have had something to do with it. I too am hitting mid-15 mpg area in the city, but on the highway straight cruising at 75 mph I was seeing 25-27 mpg, which is not bad for an AWD, 4,300+ lb. vehicle. The hidden compartment above the glove box is terrific.
One day after we got the SRX, a snow storm hit. The SRX got around in 6" snow without any problems. The vehicle is very comfortable to drive. It has much more interior room than the CTS we traded in. Its gas mileage is not anywhere near the sticker numbers, but it is improving.
This is a great crossover. We moved from a larger SUV to the SRX. It drives like a car and still has most of the space of our larger SUV. It is fun to drive.
This is the most comfortable vehicle I have ever owned and the visibility is great. The interior upgrade for this year is very evident. I'm only getting about 16 mpg but the model is the AWD version so I expect it to be less. Early on it leaked oil due to a faulty galley plug, which was replaced under warranty. Two rear fender well pieces became delaminated/discolored and had to be replaced under warranty, but I don't think the color (Gold Mist) was matched properly. I'm taking it to an independent body shop for a second opinion. If I am wrong, that will be the end of it. If not, it will be going back to the dealership. 
With the V8 Northstar engine, this is a fun vehicle to drive. It has all the performance that one could ask for.
This vehicle is absolutely the best vehicle I have ever ridden in. Its fit and finish quality is first class. The interior is very classy with the hand stitched leather dashboard and the real wood accents. The ride, comfort, quietness, handling, and acceleration are all first rate. The exterior styling is very distinctive and American. It has lots of storage space. The SRX includes all the amenities that one would expect from a premium car company.
My wife and I just bought the 2007 SRX V8 last week. We had been waiting until the new interior was introduced because we thought the old one looked cheap. The new interior is absolutely FANTASTIC. The use of hand stitched leather and real wood really makes the interior look classy. We were in love with the exterior from day one. This is an SUV that stands out from the rest and is very distinctively American. We ordered the Magnetic Ride Control and this vehicle is absolutely the smoothest vehicle I have ever been in. In addition, it corners like a sports car, is incredibly quiet, but also provides the functionality of a SUV. I am absolutely positive that the SRX is a superior vehicle to anything in its class.
This is my first Cadillac. I always thought of it as an older person's vehicle. I have one child who plays hockey and so I felt the SRX was a great size for room and comfort on road trips. I am only getting 15 miles to the gallon, with a V6, but so far that is the only disappointing feature.
We love this vehicle and can really find nothing about which to complain. The power is super, the ride is comfortable, it looks great. It uses a bit more fuel than I would like but if you can afford a Cadillac you can afford the fuel. Nothing about this car is 'cheap'. The Bose radio and XM satellite radio are the best. My wife and I often just turn into the garage and listen to what's playing. My one complaint is the manual could explain some of the buttons more thoroughly. This car is the very best anyone could want.
I ordered the new V8 Sport SRX with 20-inch wheels and took delivery 11/15/06. This Cadillac has everything I wanted in a new vehicle: great looks; smooth, powerful acceleration; comfortable ride; and attractive, well appointed interior with many driver convenience features. Since my car is also my part-time office, I wanted a vehicle in which I could enjoy time spent in it. Now I prefer my moving office to my stationary one! The Cadillac SRX is much more than just transportation. 
I have always like station wagons. This is my first Cadillac. My wife and I are very pleased with the product. It is comfortable more than any wagon I have had previously. It has plenty of spare power and handles easily. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone interested in a superior vehicle.
I picked up my new '07 SRX on 10/28/06 and it is a very nice ride. I ordered one with the 5.1 surround sound and DVD player. The ride is controlled and very quiet with power to spare. The 6-speed automatic transmission seems to be better on gas than my '06 XLR with same 320 horses and the five speed automatic.
The 2007 Cadillac SRX is a great car. It is fun to drive, with its good acceleration and handling. Its interior is nice for a family since it has leather on the seat areas and stronger materials on the doors. The basic stereo is all we need and it sounds awesome.
This is my 3rd or 4th Cadillac (lost count) but it is surely my last one. This little STS has had one annoying problem after another...and NO MILES ON IT!!! This evening it has shut down completely and doesn't recognize fobs, won't open the trunk or move out of PARK. Road Side Assistance sent a tow truck out to carry the car back to the dealer, but, the tow driver couldn't budge the car out of PARK. Thankfully, we are home and have a second vehicle (Toyota) so we aren't stranded. Now, if this was happening at a mall or anywhere on the road, this incident would be more than infuriating. I would not advise anyone to buy a Cadillac.
I inherited my like new '07 STS this year and it is a pleasure to drive. There are only a few squawks: programming without the nav screen is complex and the drivers seat appears loose (there's a TSB that addresses it) and nitrogen-filled tires are a bit overboard. Aside from those minor criticisms, the car is an excellent performing car. It's rakish looks are complemented by its terrific handling.
I leased this car, and within the first year, the car was in the shop for over 30 days! It was first a recall, then rattles in the trunk that took three tries to fix, then a blown speaker, then Homelink failures. Unbelievable! I was never offered anything for my troubles by the dealer or GM. Bottom line, I traded for a 2008 335i BMW sedan and could not be happier. BMW offers so much more for the money. Imagine that, a BMW more affordable and a better value than a Cadillac!! The original list on the Caddy was $65,000, and it wholesaled after I traded it in for $25000, and only after 13 months!! 
Like most people on this forum are stating, this car looks great, rides great, preforms great, stops great, etc... Mechanically, this car looks and performs head and shoulders above its competition. Where the STS falls short of everyone else is in the creature comforts that make a luxury car a luxury car. GM went cheap and misses the mark on these items. Bluetooth only certified to work on phones older then 2007. May work with newer ones, but they are not 100% Bluetooth compliant. See Suggested improvements below for more.
I leased this car almost a year ago because I could get a great lease deal and liked the styling. The engine and transmission are the best features on this car. It rides extremely well and has lots of power! The problem is in the details. The Bluetooth is a joke. Our BMW works light years better. The navigation system interface was poorly designed. It is confusing much harder to use than any other I have tried. There has already been one recall, plus a loose metal piece that had to replaced in the trunk, plus a non- working Homelink garage opener, plus lack of good steering wheel controls. For the same price, you could get a BMW that is MUCH better!
This is the first Caddy I've ever owned,and I am truly impressed with everything about it, I love the way it handles, and the comfort of the ride. I am spoiled now and will always look at Cadillacs when I need to buy my next car.
Had this STS for a month now and have to say it an awesome car. Living in the north the AWD has shown that it can handle the winters here. This car handles great and is very quiet and comfortable to drive. Seems to be built solid and the V6 has enough power to keep you intrested and still provides an average of 18 mpg. The 5.1 Bose stereo is the best I have ever heard in a car.
I have only had my STS for less than a month, but so far I fall in love all over again every day! I have had an H- 2 for two years, which I thought was luxurious until this Cadillac! This car is easilly the favorite of anything I have or ever will have. The ride is incredibly smooth, like butter, I can't imagine how the V-8 STS could accelerate much faster than my V-6 because it is FAST, and the overall handling is to die for. The XM radio and the OnStar are things I don't need but use often. I think the pearl white (White Diamond) paint was the final selling point for me, as it is stunning. I bought my '07 brand new in '08, saved quite a bit doing it this way & would definately reccomend!
I picked up my 2007 STS with 5K miles about 3 weeks ago. After owning a Lexus, Infiniti, Mercedes and BMW, I think the STS presented the most value for the car. This was my first American car in over 20 years. What an improvement in design and quality!! I love the technolgy and comfort. Finally nice job
This is my first American car in over 20 years. I trade in cars every 3 years due to my business. Driven, Nissan, Lexus, Infiniti, Jaguar and Mercedes. I have to say this is STS was the best value for my money. I got a lot more than what I get with any of the others, including the Certified 6- year 100K warranty as my STS was a demo with 5K miles. Finally, nice job Cadillac with all the refinements, technology, ride, etc.
After some very expensive minor repairs and service to our Mercedes E320, My wife and I started researching alternatives. We have owned mostly German and Honda cars for many years. (Except for my jewel- like '94 Vett). She thought the CTS was too "edgy" but was totally taken by the STS. I was a little skeptical until we took it for a test drive. It was really impressive and comfortable. The first 1000 mile trip yielded 25 mpg on regular gas. Some of the controls are a little unfriendly but well worth the time to master. Last night I started the STS from inside a restaurant which turned on the heater & seat heaters during a snowstorm. The warrenty and OnStar are great. 
I have now driven this car for a sold year. The car looks great and handles well. There are some problems that you should not have with this price range. I have noises in the power stearing. The gas cover is cheap and is just spring loaded. I get less than 14.5 miles a gallon in the city. I do like the style and handleing. There is somthing about a caddy that has a dual exhaust that is streamlined. All n All this is not a $54,000 car. This is more like a $40,000 car. If you were to compare this to the Lexus or Benz in the same price range you might sway away from the Caddy but the Caddy have much better lease deals. I was able to lease this luxury car for nothing down and $599 a month!
My search for a leftover 2007 STS V8 took some effort but it was definitely worth it. I prefer the 2007 grill to the more enhanced 2008 version - clearly a matter of taste. Previous car was a 2000 E320. I would say that the STS is in another league in terms of overall refinement. The interior is absolutely beautiful - particularly in Cashmire. I have not taken the time to figure out the navigation system but all other controls are user friendly. The quality of materials is on par or superior to the Mercedes. Aside from a Corvette, this is the best American car on the road today! 
This is my 2nd STS. I expected a lot of my new '07 STS and have been very pleased so far! Cars I considered before buying my STS - all very nice but either too small or offered less value: 1. Acura TL and RL 2. Lexus GS and IS 3. Infinity M35 4. Subaru Tribeca 5. Audi A6 6. Mercedes E Class 7. BMW 5 Series 8. Volvo S70 The '07 STS handles like a sports car with luxury feel; exacly what I was looking for! It's quick for a V6 - I test drove the V6 and V8, and there was not a huge difference to justify the incremental cost. I looked at a bunch of cars, and the STS, in my opinion, gave me by far the best bang for the buck (see favorite features below) Very pleased so far!
Car is an automotive winner. She blows the doors off the Mercedes Benz E class, the Infinity M35, or the 535 series BMW. in both performance and and good looks. Full featured for far less. 
I am 60 years old and a car nut. I have owned 5 BMW cars and a friend said to drive the STS. I have not owned or leased an American car for 40 years. I drove this car and fell in love with it. I received an abundance of rebates and leased this car for 36 months with only paying taxes for 420.00/month. GM sent me a 2000.00 off certificate as well. The car handles smoothly, I can feel the road. The V6 is plenty powerful and I didn't lease based on the $46,000 MSRP. The car is tight, beautifully equipped and rides like a dream. I have OnStar, my own voice activated phone etc. If GM could get people to drive this car they would buy it. Kudos to General Motors for getting their act together.
The STS has won us over. For the price, looks, convenience, build quality, gas mileage, we are extremely pleased with this machine.
I've enjoyed owning my Cadillac STS - I can sum up my experience like this: reliable, luxury, solid, head-turning, quiet, smooth, f-a-s-t!, beautiful, graceful, turns on a dime, great stability and best of all, my 6'6" husband fits comfortably....
I just leased a 2007 Cadillac STS V6 all wheel drive. This car is a blend of performance, luxury, and technology. With the V6 you have enough power and all wheel drive should give me great control in the winter. This is not your Father's Cadilliac. It has a smooth ride with enough power to keep your attention. The interior is luxurious. I chose this car over the BMW 5 series, E350 Benz, Lexus GS, and Infiniti M45. I chose the STS because its luxury, performance, and lease incentives. The sticker was $52,000 and I leased it for $612 a month with nothing down. This car competes with the others in its class too. When I look at the US cars most of them are not worthy to compete in this class. The STS is. This is the new Caddy!
I've owned an Audi, a BMW, and a Lexus. None of those satisfy me like the STS Northstar. It has lots of power, the best handling sedan I've driven, PERFECT Audio by Bose, great engine tone, and luxurious appointments. I drive nearly 80 miles every day so comfort and fun are important to me. None of my previous luxury cars have held up well. My Corvette is still my weekend car though. I am thrilled with this car, but when the time comes, I'd love to get an XLR-V (yeah, I just need to save for 2 years :-D). I suggest you stop looking after Cadillac. No BMW, Audi, or Lexus will compare, and I have experience with them all.
This car is 30 grand cheaper than Mercedes and absolutely runs better. You don't have a service engine light come on everyday like the German vehicles. The 6 cylinder is nailing 19.7 mpg combined hard driving, and is extremely quick off the line and very quiet. We truly cannot believe how much we enjoy this car. Seats, performance, Bose Audio and Wood grain are above expectations.
The 2007 Cadillac STS is a wonderful car. I see lots of reviews. Until retirement I was a damage appraiser. I know what's underneath and this car is just head and shoulders above the imports. 
Overall, GM did a great job with this redesign. The wife and kids love the interior. Have the Rear DVD for the kids, and I will say it is a godsend. Ride is really good, nice and smooth. Decent fit and finish. I think GM could have done better with the gas mileage. I know this is a 6,000lb truck, and I expected poor economy, but I am averaging 11-13mpg regularly around town. I hoped cruising the interstate in primarily V4 mode would help, but alas 16-18mpg on the highway. Great utility in this truck, just be aware that odds are you will get 15mpg on average, and that gets worse with E85 fuel. Other than that I love this truck, but costs to drive are too high for me. 
I bought a gently used and fully loaded LTZ and love the truck. Just came back from 2,400 trip and was glad I took it. Plenty of room for luggage in box/trunk. Felt safe on the road being higher up. Could see great when driving in bad weather with too. Handled well even at higher speeds. Kids loved the DVD player. Bought it because wanted a box to haul things, and a size like a surburban. Sharp looking truck. Now wife wants one too. No surprise on fuel economy, 12 mpg city, 18 hwy @ 65mph. I live where there's alot of snow so the extra weight helps with traction, much less rear slippage than a pickup.
Thought it'd be a good time for this. At 50000mi my Av is doing well, with a few problems. This winter the 4WD started kicking out when the wheels slipped and dash read "service 4WD". Later this spring rear parking sensors quit. Both computer glitches, warranty fix. Oil consumption a little high, maybe a quart per 3000mi. Built-in oil life monitor would let me go over 8000mi between changes! All I've read says this monitor is as accurate as can be; so I run it to 10% life and change it. Hwy MPG as high as 19 in warm weather. Paint, fit and finish, interior leather holding up very well, just wipe down those stylin' aluminum wheels every car wash. A darn good truck, and I'm not easy on it!
Upgraded my Silverado to an Avalanche and so far, no disappointments. I love this truck. Smooth on the highways and plenty of power. A great looking truck with a luxury car feel.
This is the best car I owned so far! The versatility of this vehicle is exceptional. Great interior and exterior designs for work and fun. I got it with the Z71 pkg. special grill, running boards, sunroof, DVD/CAM, DVD based Navigation (which is not preferred), towing kit and every things else. Black color is very nice but too hot for S. Florida. The bed cover is great and you can keep things in it with no worries. When the seats are down you have room to put drywall 4x8 and keep it enclosed. This is amazing! I was very happy with it and proud driving it but had to give it up because of fuel costs. 
If you're looking to kill 2 birds with 1 stone, there is no better choice. As a homebuilder I need the function/look of a truck on a jobsite, but it cleans up so well that we use this same truck to go to church, outings, evenings out, everywhere. I've racked up 66k miles in 2.5 years and all I've done are oil changes (whenever the light tells me to) and changed a set of tires (shouldve balanced them more often, was told). I average 4-6 hrs/day in my truck when out, and could not imagine a more comfy ride and interior. At 6'1" and 250lbs it fits like a glove. Fuel economy can be an issue if you have a heavy foot, as I used to, but even though I still drive aggressively I avg 16+ mpg's city.
This truck is absolutely gorgeous, so many compliments, rivals that of my Corvette. As far as mpg not bad for what you are driving. Drives nice but I encourage all buyers to purchase air ride! Makes your $40,000 vehicle ride like a $40K should. This is a big vehicle with lots of blind spots. Get back up camera for sure! Another problem, to lower the mid gate you have to move both front seats up a lot! Not even an option for long trips. Seats aren't as comfortable as I would like but maybe it's just me. Light in bed should be controlled by tailgate not courtesy lights. I have had a few things that seem like they need replaced but I bought mine used so might just be driven rough. I love it.
Went from a Ford Expedition to this and never looked back. Rides better, handles better and is way more comfortable even on long trips since I go to Hayward WI in summers and FL in winters and travel with 70 lb Golden Retriever and wife and plenty of junk in the back. This baby offers best of both worlds from SUV to pickup. If you want a little more styling go pay another $20 grand for the Escalade version!
First brand new vehicle and first time owning a Chevy truck. Few problems initially with only 1 recall for heated wipers, which they did during oil change. Unfortunately, after rolling just 19k, transmission crapped out. I baby my truck, so when pulling out in traffic the tranny goes. I'm not a happy camper. Up to this point, have been happy with my truck. But this experience definitely leaves a sour taste. Might not go back to Chevy.
I have had this truck now for almost a year with 12k miles and I could not be happier. I have had no problems with this vehicle at all and lover the styling and comfort as well as the versatility. I am always being complemented on the truck, it looks much more expensive than it really is. I have added 22" chrome wheels, chrome front and rear light accesories as well as on the back liftgate handle area. I have the LTZ pretty much loaded with the rear camera and nav, which is extremely helpful. For anyone looking for an SUV that also doubles as a truck there is nothing that compares, especially if you are looking for true 4 wheel drive. This blows the socks off of the Honda Ridgeline.
I traded in a 1999 Chevy Silverado and I am very happy with the Avalanche. Chevy has definitely began to compete in the truck arena with quality vehicles, it was almost too late, but sure glad they did it for the 2007 model year, because I was leaning toward the Honda Ridgeline. I was turned off with the 2006 models. Chevy's quality, yes quality material and updated interior and exterior designs sold me. Take one for a test drive see for yourself. 
We just picked up our '07 LTZ. So far it's been absolutely wonderful. We've got every option but the Nav/rear cam. Previously had a '00 Yukon, and the new platform is by far superior. Love the new interior, very high quality materials, no "cheap plastic" look that was common with GM for so long. We've been running only E85 because it's almost $0.60 cheaper here (South Dakota) than regular unleaded. We're getting about 11mpg in town and 15 or so on the highway. That compares to about 14/18 with the Yukon on 10% Ethanol. I'm going to run a tank of 10% Ethanol next time to get an idea of how well the Active Fuel Management does. So far, can't tell when it's in V4 vs. V8. Been great!!
 The 2007 Avalanche delivers the "finishing touch" for its unique features,luxury,performance and technology. Truck lovers will sit-up and take notice at the design of this rugged, tough looking vehicle. Along with its powerful performance, the comfort and luxury can make you forget your driving a "truck". But when you want or need truck features, you'll not be dissapointed! The standard and optional features deliver a generous level of safety and technology that is sure to rival competitors, all at a very reasonable price. The 2007 Chevrolet Avalanche is truly an awesome driving experience. It rises to take its place as one of Chevy's "Pinnacles" in truck design. 
Most comfortable and easiest to handle. Steering wheel has to be easiest I've ever been behind as far as handling. Ride is like a dream and I'd recomened this Avalanche to anyone that wants to keep their truck and be happy.
Purchased a 2007 Avalanche last weekend. Traded in my Yukon Denali. I have always liked the concept of the Avalanche, just could not stand the body cladding. I love the 2007 style inside and out. Much needed improvement for Chevy. I have the LT version, with most of the LTZ upgrades. 20 inch wheels, sunroof, rain sensing wipers, locking differential etc. We will see how the "V4" does with the mileage. So far on my first tank I am averaging around 12mpg in city. 
I love My 07 Avalanche. Great truck. Rides like a Cadillac, hauls and tows like a truck. Great camping vehicle. Great to have lockable bed. My only complaint is rear seats are not comfortable on back for a long car trip. Been back to the dealer for replacing interior door handle and 2 computer updates. Gets much better gas mileage on reg gas vs e85. Don't recommend e85. Runs sluggish and get 11-12 mpg vs 17-23.
Excellent, versatile vehicle. Can haul full sheet of plywood with tailgate shut. Excellent payload, love the fuel management features. Supurb interior, and ingenious design with the mid- gate, and removeable rear window. Truck drives like a car, or hauls like a good truck should. It does get a little cramped with the rear seats folded down. You have to move the front seats forward pretty far to get the back seats to fold down all the way. 
Purchased my Avalanche in late 2007 as a replacement for my 2000 Silverado Extended Cab. I wasn't sold on the the previous years Avalanches, as they appeared to be "cheaply" made. My wife liked the Avalanche and convinced me to give up my practical pick-up for a vehicle that would accomodate our 3 kids, yet still offer the functionality that I required (pick-up bed). I've been more than pleasantly surprised. It rides terrific. I own a contracting business and tow a large boat. The Avalanche hauls and tows large loads with no problem while maintaining considerable interior luxury. I highly recommend the navigation system. Additionally, I recommend the DVD player if you have kids.
I love the look of the car, and the fact that I can go out to dinner with fricends, and the next day toss lumber in the back. That is what I liked most about this SUV. But I have had issues with the Nav. system and a loud popping noise that shoots through the speakers, and you never know when but then the nav and dash systems blinks off and then comes back on (for now). 
I had not planned on getting one at the time, but I am sure glad that I did. LTZ package is awesome (wish I had the Navigation\Backup Camera\DVD package, but no complaints). I've towed a utility trailer, pop-up camper and full- size camper in the Colorado mountains with no problems. Sound system is great, interior is comfortable, engine is powerful, utility aspect is wonderful and, of course, it looks great. Yeah, it uses some gas, but you have to consider that before you buy it. I'm at 19,000 miles right now and I'd buy it all over again.
Bought my 2007 Z71 Avalanche 1 year ago. Have 18,000 + miles with not a single problem. Truck has great, smooth power and excellent fit and finish. Rides extremely smooth even with Z71 package. In construction and usually get a new truck every 6 months, but plan to keep this one. Very comfortable with well placed and logical controls. Gas mileage averaging 14.8 over 18k of driving all in city. Best all around vehicle out today.
I was pleasantly surprised at the quiet ride, and the seats provide good support and comfort. I have the rear end lock up on my 2wd. Every so often I'll go off road when fishing, but stick to trails. Glad The OnStar is a great feature and I really like the XM radio
Bought the Avi in California, drove it in desert with great comfort. Moved to Colorado mountains; with ABS, Stabili- trak, and 4WD on 20" wheels you simply cannot get this vehicle stuck in the Colorado winter! Much better comfort and feeling of safety and security than in my previous 2006 Avi. Fuel economy is very acceptable for the size of the Avi; E-85 delivers almost same mpg as gasoline; plenty of E-85 in Colorado and at about a dollar a gallon less cost that gasoline the cost factor is impressive, even with a slightly lower mpg. Much better in winter in the Rockies than my neighbors Escalade with 2WD.
My best mileage around town to work is 17. The best I've had on road (285 mi. One way) is 19.8. Use the cruise and keep your foot out of it. I tow my 8000 lb. Bobcat 200 miles (road) and get 13.2 nothing to complain about. My p/u only got 10. I will buy another Avalanche. I drive it like it's my Caddy and I'm 64.
So far my Av has been a great performer. Looks terrific in Metallic Gray and 20" rims. Locker rear end handles snow, ice and mud very well even in 2WD. Nicest, roomiest rear seats this side of a Ram Megacab. Cargo versatility is ridiculous- stuffed it to the brim with drywall and even rolled out a sleeping bag and spent the night in it when no hotels could be found! The ultimate highway cruiser-like a Cadillac. The fuel consumption readout helps keep your driving style conservative. The blind spots are big but the mirrors provide very good vision and the parking sensors are very accurate, even on something like a skinny pole. I'm very pleased with my Av!
I love my Avalanche. My wife was not sure but she loves every thing about it now. I had a Chevy that would get 35 mpg on the highway but I traded mpg for how I feel after a long trip. To maximize fuel economy it shows when you are in V8 mode or V4 mode and it will show you how much mpg you are getting. By watching my "mode" I can get 21 mpg on the highway or 18 with the E85 fuel. Plus after driving from Iowa to Texas and back again I felt like I drove accross town. I wish I could afford one today for my wife.
After owning just about every kind of suv, car, truck, I purchased this from a friend and cannot wait to get behind the wheel each day. Sold a 2007 Toyota Tacoma Sport and replaced it with this vehicle and would never go back. LTZ equipment package, 6.0 366 hp engine tops. Get the factory navigation if you can. 
I purchased this vehicle needing a truck and also an SUV to haul the family around in. I haven't been disappointed. It is extremely comfortable and the design is sharp inside and out. The locking truck bed is nice to keep luggage and equipment in when you have passengers up front. I'm also an XM guy so having it standard on GM vehicles was a big selling point. Developed a couple of rattles after about a month - the dealership really wasn't interested in helping to fix them so I eventually found and fixed myself.
Traded in 2004 Z71 Tahoe. Test drove 2008 LTZ, but with 0% financing and on- lot availability, bought 2007 LS with the few options we really wanted. Really liked both - ride is great, impressive interior room. Mileage is better than the old Tahoe and better than the 15-20 rating (getting about 17 around town and around 21 highway). And, it looks great. It adjusts great for both my 5'1" wife and my 6'1" frame. Have already used it to haul 8' lumber, 12' trim, and new oak doors - love the mid-gate. Even my Mother (who has always hated trucks as "the good car") has told my Dad that he could buy an Avalanche to replace their Buick next year.
This is my first Avalanche LTZ and I love driving this truck!! This thing is loaded, navigation, dvd, back up camera heated seat etc..It does everything you could ask for in a truck/suv. Ride is smooth for its size. Get a lot of compliments from friends and stranger!! For a truck 14 - 15mpg is great. Chevy really stepped up with the new design inside and out. Its luxury style without paying the Cadillac price. 
I have a little over 3000 miles on my LTZ and am really enjoying it. It is one of the most comfortable rides I have owned over the years. Visibility is excellent although changing lanes on the highway and parking do take a little getting used to with this big beast. Definitely splurge on the rear back up camera as I can't imagine parking without it. Fit and finish in the LTZ is great and so far in almost 3 months we have not needed to return to the dealership for anything.
I have a loaded '07 LTZ that I traded the intial '02 Z71 for. Loved the first one so much after 5 year and 92K miles, I had to have the new one. There are huge improvements to this GMT900 version in all areas including comfort, accessories, performance, handling, and fuel mileage. The new Active Fuel Mgmt system gives 16.5- 17.0 MPG City and 18.8-20.4 Hwy. It has retained most of the good things the original had with better features. Still too pricey at a $45K list.
Traded my '03 Z71 with 100,000 and no problems and did not think the '07 could be better overall....but it is. Ride is a lot better, fuel economy better, handling better, features a lot better. What a fantastic piece of equipment again. This is the first time I have purchased the same vehicle for a second time.....fantastic.
We have owned our Avalanche for 1 year, and still are glad we bought it. Fuel mileage has increased, now getting about 21-22 mpg if we keep the speed at or below 75 mph. The 4 cyl mode started kicking in noticeably more once we passed 15,000 miles. Some minor squeaks started in the trim, but tighentened a couple of screws and they have gone away. Only minor problem we have had is with the door handle pulls, metal has started to delaminate from the plastic at the edges, fixed it with super-glue until we can get it into the dealer. It's a cross country machine, 500+ mi on a tank of gas, 1000+ mi a day with minimal driver fatigue. Makes the trip between Reno & LA a breeze.
I've only owned this vehicle for a week but I can say that after driving the Nissan Titan and the Chevy Silverado, the Suburban based Avalanche has the best finished interior and best ride of the three vehicles. The 5.3L (327ci) engine feels a bit undersized but the fuel economy is surprising so I have no complaints with performance. It would be nice if the engine would idle in 4 cyl mode to further improve city mileage. A 6 or 7 spd transmission would help bolster acceleration as well as mileage. The column shifter somewhat obscures the sterio controls. Seating is comfortable and the large console storage is a plus. Steering wheel audio control functionality is better than in my Acura-Nice!
Been a Mopar/Ford guy all my life until now and am very pleased with my Avalanche LT. It tows my boat better than the Ford I had and yet rides like a sedan. Well appointed inside; the family loves the room, cup holders and power outlets. Very glad to have seven airbags too safety-wise. Lots of storage room and the tonneau cover is easy to remove. Plenty of spots to tie down a large load in the bed too. Way to go GM!
I was looking at 07 Silverado crewcabs. I did some research and realized that the new Silverado does not have 4 wheels disc brakes (the 00 did)a nd a long list of stuff that I wanted (XM, steering wheel mounted controls, 5.3V8, alloys, etc) were standard on the Avalanche, but optional on the regular pickups. Additionally, there's no provision on the regular pickup for securing the cargo bed. I bought the Avalanche LT1 with Bose and locking differential, all the stuff I wanted, without a bunch of stuff I couldn't care about. The styling is great and the ride is super comfy. Gas mileage is about what you would expect for a 5500 lb vehicle...about 14-15 in the city, 20- 21 on the road.
This vehicle is perfect for everything we do. We travel, camp, commute to work in comfort, and just ride around town. I can fit 5 grown men in the car and my girlfriend doesn't complain that it's cold because she has the heated seats on. I want to take this truck everywhere.
I find this truck to be reliable and fun to drive, but that changed when the transmission went out. Everyone one has no answer, and I hope that this is not the beginning of more problems. 
This is my first Avalanche after buying 5 new Silverado pickups. It's a great versatile vehicle, has near luxury car like ride with great styling and comfort. 
Chevrolet has hit upon something pretty special with this truck. It is one great vehicle. It can cruise to formal events and can easily transform into a work truck. The mileage is pretty good considering it is a full size truck/Suburban. I was worried about the switching from 8cyl mode to 4cyl mode on the fly but that works superb and is inditinguisable to the driver.
This truck is truly an awesome and versatile truck. A little soft in the suspension but that can be changed easily. Comfortable to ride in front seats or rear Easily fits 5 tall adults. Beefy and stout when compared to most other full-size trucks on the road. Easy to drive for my wife but yet still enough power for my lead foot. 
We ordered our 2007 Avalanche specifically to tow our Outback travel trailer. We equipped it with the optional 6.0L engine, 4.10 rear end, transmission oil cooler, heavy-duty 4L70E transmision and rear-view camera -- in other words, set up to tow. The Avalanche takes to the hills with confidence! 95% of the time, we use it as a comfortable family hauler. The redesigned interior matches our previous Sequoia in comfort and thoughtfulness of design. The drivetrain is not as smooth or refined as the Toyota's, but GM is getting closer. I can feel the 6.0L "burble" at idle, while the Toyota 4.7L was virtually silent. This is my first-ever GM vehicle -- and so far I have been pleased.
I realize now that all of the reviews I read before purchasing are true. The new Avalanche rides like a luxury car but, it is a lumbering beast. You would never guess that it has 300HP, you really have to step on it to get it to go. Averaging 16 miles/gallon. If you are looking for pep or gas mileage, forget it. If you are looking for luxury and versatility, it is an awesome vehicle. 
This truck is a pleasure to drive. Versatile, comfortable on long trips and the quality is excellent. I have had zero problems, rattles or any other issues with this truck. Being a woman I like the way it sits up so you get a better view of the road. I will definetly buy another one.
I traded in my 2005 Avalanche and this is a much improved vehicle. The front suspension is much improved and no longer pops and shakes like the older body style. The inside is much nicer and quieter too. Rear back-up sensors are a must, as rear visibility is terrible. 
This is my 46th Chevrolet that I have owned. Options WoW, loaded to the max. Smooth driving and handling. Power to weight ratio in the drain. I have driven 11,000 miles in 5 months. Window sticker advertises 16 city 21 highway, the best I have acheived is 11.9, dealer now tell me thats normal. Today while driving on a bumpy road at appr.25 mph both side airbags deployed. Not sure how this is going to work out, but I am going to try and go back to a crew cab 1500 Z-71 Chevy truck. I have had 11 repairs with this Avalanche and I have lost faith in it. This is my first regretable Chevrolet purchase. I have loved the Vettes and trucks that I have owned. The floorboard creaks when turning also.
The Avalanche is fun to drive. A definite head turner. The dash layout is easy to use and very nice looking, much more so than other crew cab trucks. If you are getting this truck definitely get the leather seats and back up camera. The mid-gate is very easy to use with no learning curve. However, you will be spending more money at the pump.
The vehicle has numerous areas of vibrations and rattles. The gauges are almost unreadable during daylight driving. I did not opt for back-up sensors or camera. These features should be made standard because of the poor rear vision. Gas consumption is about what was advertised. The seating is very comfortable. The lighting in the rear bed should be improved.
I just traded in my '02 Suburban for an '07 Avalanche Z-71 4x4. I love this truck. The exhaust and engine sound great. The new interior and dash cluster really looks up to date and then some. The engine is very responsive and shifts very smooth. Fit and finish inside and out is fantastic. The new rack and pinion steering feels much better than my '02 Suburban. The aluminum control arms and coil over suspension absorbs road shock from bumps and holes very well. The overall feel and look of this truck is awesome. GM has hit a home run with there new line of full size trucks.
This is a great truck. I thought about getting a regular pickup but instead went with the Avalanche and am so glad I did. The midgate is an amazing and useful feature. It's incredibly versatile. The abiltiy to lock the bed is priceless. Definitely the best truck I've driven and with out a doubt most practical for day to day use. As for gas mileage, though it is kind of a hog the active fuel management makes a huge difference and the instant fuel economy display is a great way to help alter your driving to conserve fuel.
I've never ridden in a truck more comfortable than this. it's apleasure to drive, forgiving. I drove on road trip to Austin from Mississippi, not tiring, and the dvd to boot. Thanks Chevy. A real winner
This is my second Avalanche. My '04 Z-66 was fantastic and after looking at the others, I decided to go back to the dealer and purchase a tarted up '07 with sunroof. This is a great truck. Heated leather seats, Bose radio, 22" Wheels, improved steering and brakes. What's not to like? It looks even better with the factory chrome wheels and running boards. I knew what to expect with the mileage. My family will love going on vacation in this awesome rig.
I traded in my 2004 Avalanche for 2007 LT3. I pulled my 6500lb travel trailer without any problems and had plenty of power. With my '04 it seemed like it was always between gears. Not the case with '07. The gas mileage has also been much better (19.3). You feel no difference when the active fuel management kicks in. I am very happy with my purchase.
This is my first domestic vehicle. This truck has wonderful fit and finish, and has appoinments similar to those you mind find in European cars. The power is impressive, though it seems a bit sluggish from a stoplight or in a passing lane. The poor MPG is well documented. I drove it from LA to Monteray (roughly 400 miles) at 75 with the cruise control...and still only averaged 14mpg. All of the luxury features are nice, and made well. Bluetooth is a feature this vehicle is missing, and GM has no real excuse for not equipping it on a $50+ truck.
Exactly what I wanted with only minor improvements suggested. Beautiful truck, virtually silent driving, love versatility and comfort. The 2 tone seats look great. The seat warmers are a must for tired muscles and bones. Over 16 mpg in town. Handles and rides much betterr than my '02 Suburban. The dashboard is well set up and easy to see.
just bought this car, and like it a lot. Great interior, and the front of the car is very nice looking. A lot of room inside. A truck bed, a hitch, and a hard tonneau cover, it's got everything you need. Free year of OnStar. Good car overall. 
I have nothing but good things to say about the Avalanche. It rides great, handles perfect, the stereo has great sound and bass and the fuel mileage is better than I expected.
The 2007 Avalanche LTZ is a wonderful vehicle. Quite, rides beautifully, and the fit and finish are excellent. Towed a 5500lb trailer last hunting season without effort. The options on the LTZ are terrific but it's kind of hard viewing the rear entertainment system from the front seat. The vehicle has 7000 miles and has yet to see the dealership service bay. This is my second vehicle with satellite navigation and the touch screen is easy to use. 
The '07 LTZ Avalanche is like driving a luxury car. Very smooth and handles great through the Minnesota blizzards. Very safe. The back seat has lots of leg room. Kids love the wireless DVD player. It is a great looking truck. I try to burn E85 as much as possible. The 8 cylinder to 4 is a joke. It only drops to the 4 when you are going down hill or coasting. My mileage is 14.50 on regular gas and 12.00 on E85. The engineers should look at the competion like Tundra and Rideline, they could build the best of the best. Look at my suggested improvements below and simple things like mudflaps, reciever hitch plug, a business card slot, put a K & N filter in as stock. A quicker engine would be great
I owned a 2002 Avalanche which was flawless and a great vehicle. It is hard to believe that the 2007 is even better in every respect. The heated leather seats now have two stages, seat cushion and seat back. Nice touch. The two tone seats in the Z71 are awesome. The truck negotiates curves very well, no longer as top heavy as the 2002. It seems to hug the road -- no easy feat for such a big vehicle. The seat to steering wheel ratio is now perfect for a 6.4 person. The tailgate is now much lighter and it locks automatically. The 6 changer with MP3 is great as well. The speakers are in the wrong place and do provide a stereo sound when the seat is all the way back. 
I traded in a 2001 Durango for my Avalanche. One of the best moves that I have made dealing with vehicles. The ride is very smooth, seats are comfortable and the Bose stereo system is fantastic. I have had the Avalanche for only two weeks, but I just had to give Chevrolet a big pat on the back for making this great truck.
Outside paint is not bad, exept the plastic grill, paint flaking off. Too much plastic for the sun to bleach on the back. Keeps the "back to black" company afloat with the amount I have to use on it. The inside is nice and plentey of room, but a bit plasticy. Seats are comfortable on a long drive. Sound system is great. It has plenty of power to pull stuff, with and without wheels on it. Motor cuts out over 95mph. Four wheel drive works well although a bit noisy. Nice ride for a truck. I use a 4x4 for what it's built for on rough terrain and in the mountains. So far its doing well but a few more cross land trips will tell. This is my 8th truck in nearly as may years. I wore the others out.
We ordered our LTZ with everything we wanted. We love the ride and room. An option we ordered on it is power retractable steps. We thought this would be a neat option to have. Were we wrong! There are no splash guards to fit with the power retractable steps. Which for us since we live in Wyoming means snow, slush, mud etc. is splashed all up on the side of our truck. We contacted Chevy and were basically told "that's the way it and there wasn't anything that can be done about it." When we discussed our dissatifaction with the dealer he tried to sell me $1200 fender flares and the extra paint protection. Beware if you think you want this option on your next Avalanche.
Very overrated. typical Chevy, poor mpg. Lots of cab noise. Many blind spots, instrumentation is poor, must take eyes off road for extended periods of time to figure controls, out of standard arm reach
I bought the Z71 4WD package, and was a bit hesitant as to how the ride would be. All my fears are gone, the ride is perfect on/off road. Smooth highway driving, yet just the right amount of stiffness for some moderate off roading. This is the perfect ride for a combination of on highway and moderate off road capabilities. I got the 4.10 gears with the 5.3 engine and find it has plenty of power with nothing in tow. The Z71 2 tone interior with brushed metal trim is definitely a plus. Gas mileage will be 13-15 mph unless you drive a lot of flat freeway. The 8 cyl to 4 cyl switchover is seamless. Light throttle on level or downhill keeps it in 4 cyl mode,gauge shows 4-8 cyl operating status. 
I have had this '07 LTZ Avalanche for 3 days now and cannot find any faults. Chevy definitely did it right with this vehicle! The versatility is great, the appointments are beyond what I was shopping for, but I can really get used to these heated seats! The ride is very civilized for a vehicle this big. I definitely love the look without the plastic body cladding from the earlier Av's. If you are contemplating an SUV purchase, you need to do yourself a favor and drive an Avalanche, it just may sway your decision. It did mine!
Been with the dealership for almost a year. I brought home all sorts of vehicles from small Chevy cars to the Colorado pick-up. Came to notice all the sales managers picked the Av for their demo vehicles and got really used to driving one on errands for work. I get to drive Escalades and all sorts of luxury vehicles but it was the Avalanche that made the most sense. It has a true blend of luxury and refinement with a heavy mix of utilitarian comforts. Not sure that I'll ever go back to driving a sedan again!
Went to the dealer and drove a fully loaded 2007 Silverado Classic and also the 2007 Avalanche. No comparison, the ride was extremely smooth and with included and removable lockable cover, ease of conversion to 8' truck bed as well as Active Fuel Management (idles to 4 cylinders on the highway) - it was a no brainer. Would be nice to have more cab storage, but couldn't have gotten a better buy for the money. Getting 18mpg in town and 20 on the highway. 
This vehicle is awesome. Drove it to Colorado in the '06 blizzard. It handled like a Caddilac. I am from Florida, and drove it through ice and snow with no slipping or sliding. Passed other 4x4s stuck or in the ditch. Great job Chevy! Love the part time 4cyl to 8 cyl option. My teen daughter loves the sound system. I owned a Dodge 4x4, but will never drive anything else but an Avalanche. I recommend this vehicle to someone who enjoys a comfortable quiet solid ride.
Absolutely love it. Purchased with every option except the power- retractable (BRS) running boards. Used it the first week to haul shelving with 8' particle boards. Interior fit and finish is superb and is really beyond anything Chevy has had to date. Backup camera is a great option. Haven't needed the heated windshield washer yet, but the side mirror defrosters have come in handy. The locking storage wells on the bed sides are a great idea and very pratical. The bed cover is easy to remove and install, suprisingly light and tight fitting. Left the truck out during a steady rain for six hours and no water leaked into the truck bed. Very quiet and smooth on the road.
All other SUV's stand way below the '07 Avalanche. I purchased 2 months ago and it now has 6,000 miles of trouble free driving. I traded an '03 Yukon for it and would never go back. This is the best truck/SUV I have ever owned. I would highly recommend, and have to family and friends. The styling is dead on and they fixed the cheap interior and exterior finishes of earlier models. Look for the LT-3 with the 20" wheels option which will save about $3K from the LTZ package with same options. 
Went looking at Silverado Classic, but after test drives it was too good to pass up. Much better in every way compared to the Colorado Crew Cab we traded in. Ride was smooth, and quieter at highway speeds. Turning performance and radius is better, with less body lean. Fuel economy is good, averaging 15 city and 20 highway just like the estimates. The interior is well layed out with easy to read guages. The steering wheel audio and cruise controls are excellent features. Visibility is good front and sides, but rear visibility is poor due to the tailgate height, the rear camera would be a nice feature to have. Overall a great move up from the Colorado, wife and I both love this truck!
A shaved down model from previous years. Intenseley cheapened. Interior noise is excessive. Placement of switches inconvenient, difficult to actuate because of positioning. Guage background in near black with dark sootlike numbers blend into an almost invisible display. Great effort to see speed, gas remaining and the like. This is the poorest of poor. Add sun glasses and the display is unreadable. The sun lightens the top of the dash which in turn reflects from the inside of the windshield, limiting your vision. The garage door opener buttons require a copilot to actuate them.
I bought the car about three weeks ago. Got the LTZ package which is just great with navigation, rear entertainment system, reverse camera, power mirrors and pedals, sunroof, and 20" rims. Hard to find a brush guard for it, but other than that it's a great car. My cousins have an '02 and an '05 but they come nowhere near this baby.
Only problem with my 1st. one was the PCV valve (which the dealer fixed). This new one so far has been great. I can hardly feel the transition between 8 cyl. to 4 cyl. I'll be much happier with the better gas mileage.
This truck absolutely is a head turner. I get compliments all the time. A co-worker has a previous model, and he loves my new and improved model. Very quiet cabin, strong engine, very tight fitting/looking panels inside and out. The black color just makes the truck look that much better. The premium cloth seats are very comfortable, midgate design very handy. I've got the L1 model(2-wheel drive) w/ sunroof, DVD player, premium sound, and woodgrain interior. Oh check out the climate control on this thing, looks "importish". Man is this a truck or a luxury sedan? Chevy hit a home run with this one!
I recently purchased the 2007 LT Avalanche and it's an awesome truck. The interior is that of a luxury car; not to mention it drives and rides like a car. The turning radius is unbelievable for a vehicle this size. The new body style is great. Surprisingly has a more aggressive look without the bulky plastic side panels. If you need an SUV/Truck, this is the way to go. 
This is my third Avalanche and at this point can't think of another ride I like better. I liked the other two so much that I had this one Customized by Southern Comfort. Now it's not only a great ride but a real eye catcher.
The ride is unbelievable. So quiet and smooth. I have owned several Lexus sedans and would equate it much the same. 
This is my 2nd Avalanche. I owned a 2003 and it was nice, but the 2007 is the best vehicle I have ever owned. I will buy another Avalanche in a couple of years. I wish it got better gas mileage, but what do you expect with a 6000 lb vehicle? All my friends tell me it rides better than their cars. 
This is my first Avalanche and I can't tell you enough how much I enjoy this vehicle. This Avalanche is very fun to drive and has plenty of options to keep you occupied. The interior looks great and the seats are comfortable. I love the look of the exterior and I still get my neighbors wanting to check it out. You can't go wrong with this vehicle.
My friends had an '05 Avalanche and they just loved it. We recently went camping with them with it and found that my wife and I loved it as well. Then we could not wait for the all new '07 Avalanche to come out. We finally got our and we love it even more. The ride and handling, are much better. The build quality both inside and out cannot even be compared with the previous Avalanche. GM did their homework. Love everything about it.
Really enjoy this vehicle. The car looks stunning. Interior is nice. Fabric picks up lots of "things". Interior needs a little top mount center console like our mini vans. The exterior paint doesn't feel quite as nice as other cars I've owned. The ride is incredible. So smooth. Power is great. Flexiblity is awesome. Easy to convert.
The Avalanche has come a long way in just a short time. The ride is so much smoother. Never mind the new look insude and out.
Chevy did their homework on this truck. It is a pleasure to drive. The appearence of the vehicle and handling is great. My wife said it was too big. Now she loves it. Thanks GM
Hard to believe it is a truck. Rides better than my wife's Denali SUV! Sure get poor mileage with E85 though. 
Should have bought a 4dr truck but the ride and handling was what won me over. Acceleration is awesome. Sheet metal fit is excellent but the paint has some dirt and craters. The Active Fuel Management system is a joke, 15 to 17 MPG on highway but will get 20 driving in the 45 MPH range.
Hadn't even planned to look at Chevy in my quest for a new SUV. Drove by a dealer and figured "what the heck I'll take a quick look". Drove out in a new 2007 Avalanche :-)! Packed with options inside, love the 20" factory rims and new body style outside. Very quiet and smooth ride. Great towing capacity!
I've been driving a Dodge for 10 years. When I first looked at this vehicle, I couldn't wait to drive it. I'm very happy with my decision to purchase this vehicle.
I had my mind set on a F-150 until my wife conviced me to drive the 2007 Avalanche. This is the most flexible and comfortable truck I have ever driven. It looks great and really "works" like a truck. I highly recommend that you drive it. But be careful, once you do, you will not settle for anything else
This is without doubt the most practical vehicle I've ever purchased. The new exterior and interior are a huge leap forward for GM from the old model.
The new style is tops for GM. I've seen the spy photos of the new Silverados and wasn't blown away. Didn't really want an Avalanche, but found one that had every option but a heated block. Dealer made me a fair deal and I jumped on it. From my '03 Silverado SS, this vehicle glows with class and style.
Got my Avalanche on the 4th of July. Looking to get a deal on a 2006, but looked inside a 2007 and was swayed. I have Ebony leather interior, and it is stunning. The woodgrain dash makes you think you're in the Escalade. It handles suberbly and has good acceleration. The electronics are amazing, and I even got a Verizon line for my in car phone. I have been looking at the Avs for a while, and am glad I waited.
Just picked up and drove 500 miles rountrip to New York. Simply put it was a great ride. Did not miss the '04 Vette convertible for the weekend.. The Active Fuel Management worked. I got better numbers then the other review. However, cruse control is out or it will sit in v8 mode. iPod quality was flawless, sunroof was not noisy. I was also very happy with the build quality. Handling was fine for long windy thin roads from NY-VT-NH. 
Reliable (inc. all the way down to - 10F no issue). Not sporty (understeer), or sexy, but a very functional commuter. Inexpensive/easy to maintain, great on gas (35mpg at 80mph), BUT at 30 000, was getting 'bucking' cold (about 40F outside) when slowing at stop signs, and bucking when cold at 30mph (with flashing check engine light) - deayler confirmed valve issue (to be fixed under warranty). Synthetic oil since I got it didn't save it from this defect. Also had belt tensionner issues and rotor vibration (turning the rotors fixed that). Otherwise, I do like the car, and the service is friendly/trustworthy (they are throwing in a new Timing belt install)
had this for appx 2 years,no problems,get 45 mpg highway mpg if kept under 65 miles per hour, its not a perfect car ,but what can you buy new for $8995.oo. if you know what your doing you can modify this car and improve your mpg
I purchased this vehicle brand new as my first car two years ago. Since then, I replaced four tires, brakes, battery and now my alternator is gone out. And luckily for GM after the bumper to bumper warranty. No one can explain to me other then mileage why this car is failing me. No harsh driving just work was far and assisting others in the home with their daily routine. No help for anything but has overpriced for all services. Complaints or concerns are never heard and no offer of extended warranty to help ease the cost. From this point I have lost all faith in GM, and have decided that I would not buy Chevy ever again. GM fix this problem and maybe your problem will be fixed.
Our Aveo has 63,000 miles. We purchased it as a small reliable car for our son who is in college. The car isn't what was promised. The radio comes on when the weather is damp or when it rains. The airbag sensor is on and one corner of the airbag cover came off. We have had problems with the horn blowing and the interior lights. The recall concerning the fuel pump running in a front end collision has us concerned too. After 4 calls GMC is finally working with us. We will not buy another one. 
Radiator leaks on the 10th month was replaced under warranty. On the 25th month at 23ooo miles, again the radiator leaks. It will no longer be covered with warranty according to the dealer bec. I had my vehicle serviced by another autoshop since I relocated. What a great headache. Avoid this Chevrolet aveo sedan.
I purchased this car this month in order to get too and from school. What a great investment. this is my first manual transmission car and "BOY" is this little thing fun.It looks good going down the road and is an overall great car. Not to mention this thing will take you 400 miles on a single tank of gas. 
I bought a 2007 Aveo 5 door hatch back LS with automatic trans and air conditioning for my 16 year old daughter. That was 2 and a half years and 30,000 miles ago. Its been a great little car ! No problems at all and gets great gas mileage. This was the perfect car for my daughter to learn how to drive. Its easy to drive, has great visibility and very good safety features like side impact air bags with good crash test ratings. I guy at work has the same car but with a manual transmission and he swears he is getting 40 MPG ! What do people expect from a $12,000 car ? Its a great value. 
I like this car. It was cheap. I wanted something inexpensive that was good on gas mileage and reliable. Paid $8,100 out the door. No air conditioner, but it has a lot of good features that years ago would have been considered an upgrade. Very reliable and so cute!
Only my 3rd vehicle(all Chevy) to never have a problem. Put 62000 miles in 54 weeks on this car. changed tires at 45000 miles. Been a surprise as to driving. Due to my financial problems sold 3 Mercedes ,sl55,s55,cl55 and a 2007 corvette. Very surprised the performance and seats did not bother me after coming out of my prior vehicles. Was very bad and only changed oil 1 time and never went in for normal service. oil level never went down even after long quick trips. Gad millage at 85 was 27-29.5. Wind can push this car very easy and had occasionally caused the steering wheel to be knocked out of my hand. Breaks squeaked a lot in the morning
I have found this a fun replacement for my 10 year old Elantra. It has great pick up and better than advertised mileage. This was a nice surprise because I bought it mainly for the price and lower insurance cost. But as a tall person, I fit better in this than in any of the comparable cars I tried out.
For the price that I paid, this car was a bargain. I know it's for transportation, but this car is incredibly fun to drive. I've put over 8000 mi on it so far and I've found it to be very comfortable even for 8 hour drives. It also has been averaging 32mpg on my way from Boston to DC so I've also been saving up to 80 dollars round trip, which is incredible. All in all, it has lots of space, room for 5 (reasonably comfortable), it's great on gas, and it gets you place to place with a 100000mi warranty for 11,000. Money well spent. 
This car does what you expect it to do - save money at the pump for a reasonably priced car. I owned it for 31,500 miles (almost 2 years-before I crashed it). My only complaint was that the front tires wore down after 22,000 miles, and the seats could be more comfortable. Other than that, the car pays for itself by laughing at gas pumps. Bought it as a commuter car going 60 miles a day, and never got less than 26 mpg city. Highway got 32~33 mpg easy. I crashed it recently, and the front collapsed well like an accordian- and I walked away without a scratch.I am 6'3 tall and fit well inside. Solid car for the price. Trunk is big,"hold" traction button puts car into lower gear for torque traction
I have the 4 door sedan. Never had a problem. Took the car over from my daughter who moved to Chicago and didn't need a car. It would have never have been a car I would have bought. It tuned out to be a very pleasant suprise. The fuel mileage has been great and the room inside is unbelivable. We had 5 adults in the car and I am 6'4. I put really good tires on it and it runs at 80 mph on the highway with no problem. Easy to park. I take it from Detroit to Chicago twice a month (4.5 hour drive) and it's comfortable. I wouldn't want to take it across the country but I'm old and like big cars. Great car for the money, 3 of my neighbors have bought them since I got mine.
I once had a Ford Escort but that was a while ago. I drive 48 miles 1 way to work, and drive on the coast of Califonia. Speed limit 65. I work early so no one on the road and I drive 60 mph. Nice ride to and from work, getting 38 mpg. It will be my 14yr old daughter's in 2 yrs and she loves it. Big change from my Suzuki XL-7 which my college son drives now.
I purchased my brand new black LT 4 door with all options except sunroof, leather and steering wheel audio controls. I checked around and it was the least expensive car with the options I wanted. I needed a more fuel economical car being that I commute 150 miles round trip a day, for four days. My 11 mpg (highway) Ford Explorer, V8, All Wheel Drive was killing me at the pump. (I still love my truck). I put the car to the test as soon as I got it. I had a custom made tow hitch installed to pull a mini tear drop cargo trailer and drove to Houston Texas. She was loaded with 3 adults and pulling a loaded mini trailer. She didn't miss a beat. Mind you the car is cheesy. You get what you pay for. 
I work in construction and drive in the dirt every day. My work is all over Southern California. This is a well put together car. When I first bought and it was clean, I took wife and friends out to dinner several times. Lots of interior room. Now my car is constantly dirty, so I only use for work. I get 27 mpg with AC running and mixed driving. During winter I get about 30 with mixed driving. Interior is functional. Good ground clearance. Very happy and recommend. 
Just got a night work shift so I can catch the bus now after driving days for three months. Everything I expect from a $10,000 car with a $2,000 rebate, and another $1,000. from charging groceries on my GM mastercard credit card points. This Korean made car has a 1.6 liter engine to handle the load from the A/C. Since the Special Value doesn't have A/C, it has a lot of power. I drive 95% freeway and get 37 MPG. Same as a Cavalier with a larger motor. Seating is OK. Not plush. What else can I say about a basic car? Will buy another one in three years.
6,500 miles - in for repair 4 times. 1 - bad light relay 2 - would not accelerate, bad throttle body 3 - overheating and no air conditioner, told it was low on anti-freeze. 4 - engine is bad. Knocked loudly from cam shaft. We are still waiting for a short block and head. This averages out to less than 2,000 miles per repair. The dealer has been Nice and Chevy is paying for a rental, but what a pain for a new car. And we bought a new so we wouldn't have to deal with this sort of thing. We are highly disappointed.
This vehicle is cheap, but that says a lot for the quality of the vehicle. At 3000 miles, the windshield cracked....manufacturer defect. At 13000 miles, lost all my oil, which the oil light never came on...currently in the shop having the seals and gaskets in the engine replaced...might as well replace the whole engine. I bought this car for the gas mileage. Averaging about 28 miles per gallon on highway, and about 25 with the air conditioner on. Not good! The car shakes like it needs to be aligned, which I did and also had new, high quality tires put on and it still shakes terribly. I am truly scared to drive this car in high wind and rain. Hydroplanes bad! 
I bought my '07 Aveo in October (4,649 Miles and tagged at $11,000). The vehicle does really good in city driving, but leaves something to be desired at highway speeds. I own the manual transmission and had to upgrade with an aftermarket intake just to feel like I was moving faster then a stagecoach. All in all, the car is fairly "stable" once you reach your goal speed (as long as it isn't windy) but takes a long time to accelerate even when you lean on the higher RPM's. And it would be a good car for the price if you don't care about looks or horse's thanks to the the MPG and dependability factor. But that's all it has going for it to be honest. My opinion is buy another vehicle like the Cobalt.
I am a social worker for the Commonwealth of KY and cover 13 counties of my region. I have driven my Aveo over 45,000 miles in less than a year over mountainous roads (gravel, two-lane black top, and four lane highways. My Aveo has done excellent! I paid less than $14,000 for a fully loaded red beauty with sliding sky roof, air, auto, & alarm. It has been flawless. I even hit a 100lb deer at 60 MPH and only damaged the hood & grille. It took the licking and I never had to park it, but drove it every day since. 
I bought this based on Chevy's reputation. At 4000 miles the generator and fuse box fried. At 30000 the AC went, and the dealer seems unable to locate another one. When they find one they are going to have to special order seals. The front end will not stay aligned and the car is too noisy, especially in a wind. The standard transmission feels like it is grinding. The car is roomy and fun to drive, but it is not well built. My suggestion is to look at other sub-compacts.
There is plenty of room in the front, although the seats could be more comfortable for longer legged people. The styling is similar to many others on the road now, and can be made to look pretty sporty. The worst drawback is the mileage. I drive 40 mises a day,35 of it no the freeway, and it averages 31 MPG. Not too good for a 1.6 liter four cylinder with almost no horsepower. I bought it thinking it would be alot like the Geo Metro only bigger. The Metro was quicker,and got half again more mileage, Boy do I miss it!
I bought this car mainly for the fuel economy: (1.6L 4cyl 5A) 25-30. We were so happy until--15,000 miles and bang, major repair, in shop for a week now, waiting for parts in drive train/control arm. This is a major disappointment. The car is light in the high winds! Should have bought the Toyota Corolla for 2k more.
This was my first new car and I have not been disappointed. It is practical in terms of price, but very nicely designed as well. It is a small vehicle, which is perfect for fitting into small parking spaces, but inside it doesn't feel cramped. Additionally, Chevrolet offers a great warranty, which I haven't had to use yet, but it good to know it is available if needed.
I have come to love driving it but it lacks acceleration and the miles per gallon are not that great. I estimate that I get maybe 15mpg as oppose to the 26 to 32 that I have seen posted on the sticker. The head room is great, as for the leg room which can become an issue with passengers in the back. I like the handling around corners and how smooth the ride is. All in all, I've grown to love the cars qualities as well as its downsides
We just got our Aveo in December. I used it for a business conferance to Lake Geroge - 350 miles across southern NY. I set the cruise at 70 for most of the trip. I'm a big fellow - 270 - and I felt the car was pretty peppy. Lots of head room and body room. And considering I averaged 34 mpg, I think the car's a good deal. The dealer sold the car to us for just under 12000, including rebates. All we added was cruise control. We only have three thousand miles on it, but so far it runs like a champ. By the by. I had good winter tires installed at purchased - along with extra rims. The car handles very well in heavy snow and on ice with those tires. 
Very nice car for the money. I was totally surprised at the interior design, fit and finish, layout and features loaded into my 07 Aveo LT. I switched out a few things and customized the car, like two tone black and tan leather seats. The factory only offers tan leather, a little too much. Gets good gas mileage, has plenty of space and really no complaints. I even went back to the dealer just to price some parts to see the cost and the parts are inexpensive! 
Best deal on basic transportation, hands down! Drove out of the dealership with a brand new Aveo for $7250. Granted, this included a $2K GM Card rebate, but without it, I would have gotten it for $8250, a price including TTL. Performance is adequate, lots of room, and no power locks/windows that will break in a few years anyways. Great GM warranty. Build quality is very good. Engine is a bit weak; you'll need to downshift to make it up a steep hill. Gas mileage is good, not stellar. Appreciate the side-impact airbags. For the price, it's unbeatable! Lots of 2007's still on dealer lots if you look. 
Wanted a solid commuter with modern options, and liked the look of the newly redesigned Aveo. No doubt, this is a small car, but it does feel pretty spacious on the inside. I got the LT with leatherette interior, and it is definitely a cut above your average domestic. The car feels solid and is easy to drive; my only real concern is high winds on the interstate. Car feels like it might simply get carried up up and away. Also, long-term quality is a possible issue but I guess I'll just have to see on that one. 
I traded a 2005 Cobalt for this car. In spite of the smaller size, it is more comfortable, but it doesn't have the driver information center like the cobalt. I had got used to being able to teel the fuel economey and the outside temperature. It also has a ridiculous power lock system that can only be locked with a key when one is leaving the car. The power is adequate and it is quite roomy.
I bought this car mainly for the fuel economy. This is the only area it reached my expectations. I have had it into the dealer 4 times for problems. One of them involved replacing the main seal which took a week! This is a defect in the vehicle, other Aveo's have the same problem. The car didn't even have 8000 miles on it. Then within a week I had to have a sensor replaced. In the past I have always been pleased with GM vehicles but this one is a major disappointment. I don't feel safe driving it long distances and I am glad there is a dealer near my home and another near my work. I will be getting rid of this car ASAP.
I really like driving the car, so it is a fun car with 6k into it. However in severe crosswinds unacceptable howling noise across cowl; fuel economy isn't what expected at 25 mpg; windshield wipers weren't tighten and flopped all over. I want GM to have a contender in this class of vehicle. $12500 isn't cheap! Fix these things and GM will have one on both price and realiablity 
I have a new apreation for econo cars after buying this exceptional example of Chevrolet's restyled import. Well worth the price. While true, i had more than my share of problems from the start. First a cracked windshild three days after I drove it off the lot (replaced), then a headlamp fogged up from holding moisture(replaced), lose brake caliper(repaired),rear view mirror mount fell off(replaced), oil pump started leaking after 15K (replaced),squeeking swaybar bushings after 25K(replaced), clunking front suspension(still an isue). After all this you might think i would be bitter, but I just love driving this car! I like the looks i like the handling and I love the MPG at 32/39.
I came into the Aveo because my full sized truck was guzzling too much gas. I wanted an inexpensive commuter. I ended up with a pretty upscale, (for an Aveo) 4 dr LT and it's much more car than I expected. It's smooth on the highway, and comfortable and has many features you wouldn't normally expect to find in this price range like side airbags. The sound system is nice with the MP3 changer and the steering wheel controls are good too. I went to the dealership just looking, but the price was too good to pass up after I saw how much car I could get for the money.
Got tired of commuting in my SUV getting 20mpg in summer and 18 in winter. Bought the Aveo on Edmund's study of lowest vehicle cost per mile. We get 31 to 34 in the city commuting and took one trip of 300 miles one way. 31 into the wind of 20+ mph and 38 coming with the wind. Has plenty of power for most needs. Haven't found anything to complain about. Does what it was made to do. Economy car shoppers beware of the foreign car hype of high gas mileage, we rented several of them before buying and found them to be lacking in mpg from what the manufacturer advertised. This is made by Daewoo plant to Chevy specs, but at least our money stays in the USA. Good job GM.
 I run a service center for a dealer and I am very familiar with cars. I bought American because I am always able to get 250k + out of all my cars. It wasnt until recently that I needed to put my GMC truck to bed and get an import. I looked at Toyota, Nissan (great cars), Mazda, Honda etc. I finally picked the 2007 Chevy Aveo because of price, comfort and gas mileage. However, I am not getting anywhere near 37mpg as my sticker suggested. Believe me I understand driving habbits but this has nothing to do with it. I drive all freeway miles with no A/C on at no more than 70mph and the best milage I get is 30.1mpg. Yes I also tryed going under 70mph and I only got max 32.1 mpg. 
I have owned my little Aveo for almost 8 months. I have over 28K on the car right now, no problems, excellent gas mil, avg 35mpg. It's the little things that make this car really worth buying. It's the lumbar support, the rubber on the knobs on the interior, the power everything, the antenna integrated into the rear window, the easy to work on engine compartment, the well placed cruise control buttons, the mp3 jack, the six disc changer, spacious truck for such a little car, the head room in the interior. This car was made to be the perfect commuter vehicle. It is just one of the best buys you can make, add all the stuff and throw in the rabate and 0% that I got on it and its a steal.
I am very pleased. Gas mileage is 36 on hwy but 26 in the city,(Stop and go) The car is very comfortable for me even though I am a larger male.
I have owned Aveo 5 now for 2 weeks. I chose this vehicle over the honda fit because of price difference (about $3000), Versa because no fold flat or flip and fold seats, Yaris because I needed a 4 door hatch, and PT because of fuel economy. I also chose the Aveo because by far it had the best styling of all of them. The seat covers are durable and attractive and I loved the carbon fiber look trim. On to the driving, it is a much better driving experience than would be expected from a budget sub compact. It is quiet, zippy for such a low horsepower,and overall handles as well if not better than some of the pricier cars I have owned. Plenty of cargo room with flip and fold seats too! Love it!
This is really a fine little car. I am a professional, but got tired of sending my gas money to foreign lands. The Aveo gets good mileage (27 in city, 37 on highway). Not great, but good. Considering the price of the car, great mieage. The result is a very affordable car that gets good mileage, has some style, and is fun to drive. I am amazed that is has not given me any trouble at all. I drive it a lot. We took it on a 1,600 mile drive recently and it is more comfortable than a larger sedan. My main complaint is the small sun visor, and weak cup holders. I would buy another, great car!
If you are looking for a low cost alternative to a used vehicle, the Aveo is a great choice. Gas mileage has ranged from 32.4 to 36.6 mpg. I had been shopping for a new commuter for about 9 months and had seen the special value Aveo advertised by two local dealers for less than $8,000 a couple of times. Finally decided that the next time I saw them offered in this price range, I would buy. I ended up paying $7,660. The Aveo should serve very well as an economical run about. Its not the Prius that I really wanted, but was 1/4 the cost and still gets very respectable mpg.
It's a great car for the money. (After all, you wouldn't buy a car like this unless low cost was important to you!) It's very stylish inside and out and seems well made so far (1200 miles). Engine is fuel efficient but I am surprised it isn't more so. Chevrolet and the Korean manufactures of the Aveo could make some simple improvements to make it a great car...variable speed intermittent wipers, actual electronic door lock buttons, more storage, better cup holder location in the front seat, etc. Overall, it is a good car for those on a tight budget.
Fantastic car..consistantly get 32+ in the city w/ AC on and well over 40 MPG on the highway. Drive the car reasonably, as it's meant to be - it's not a sports or performance car so it shouldn't be driven as such - keep the cruise on the highway at 70-75 MPG and you'll be suprised. Yes the Aveo can go 90+ MPH if it needs to. No problems at all with car at 13500 - Many compliments on LT Sedan. Well worth the money. No complaints at all except the cup holders! 
It's my wife's first new car and turns out I use it more than her. I just love it. We just came back from a 1500 mile trip and it performed perfectly.
Being a full-time student with very little funds, I was very limited on which car I could buy. I didn't necessarily want the Aveo at first, especially after finding out that it was Korean made, and had some bad reviews. However, I have to say that I absolutely enjoy this car. I love how I don't have to be right on top of the steering wheel (I'm 5 foot even) The interior is cheapy, but really? I needed a car to get from A to B with the best gas possible for the less price. I found it. I couldn't be happier with my choice.
I was very impressed with the ride comfort an handling of this car. It is a vast improvement over subcompacts of previous generations. I really like the european stlying direction GM has been taking with the vehicles it has brought to market over the last few years. It is a little strained to accelerate up a hill starting from a standstill (but what the hell! it's no worse than our Jeep Liberty). The shift quality could be a little better, but here again, I didn,t purchase a Porsche. To sum up, in terms of interior and exterior styling, fuel economy, ride comfort, and handling it is a very good value for the money. I made my purchase chioce over Honda Fit, Toyota Yaris.
The interior is solid, performance is good. However, the steering wheel and drivers seat vibrate excessively when idling, the gas mileage is under 20mpg when using the a/c, the struts squeak when going over bumps and the ride is very stiff (you feel every bump).
I'm really enjoying my Aveo. It's fun to drive and gets great mileage. We drive all aroung town with 4 people in it all the time. That's two adults and two teenagers, and we're comfortable. The only problem we've had is a bad oil pump at 5000 miles. It was fixed with no problem.
Overall driving experience witht this car has been good. A little slow on pick up when going up inclines but other than that I have no complaints.
I must say that even though I purchased this car for my wife, I really want it for myself. I drive it any chance I get. It is actually quite sporty in both the design and handling. Very little came with the car, in terms of features but it is worth it! I have pretty decent credit and although I may not have gotten the best rate out there, I still feel like my payment is nothing. Most importantly, it is a safe, car with side airbags standard, and has a great crash rating (hope we never have proof of that!) 
I have owned this car for a few months and I do like it, but the gas mileage is not what I was told or expected. I love the appearance and the look to the car especially for what I spent! I have a few concerns.
The low cost of ownership in this hatchback is what initiallly attracted us. The main thing that finally sold us was that both my wife (5'3", 125 lb) and I (6'2", 220 lb) could find reasonably comfortable driving positions. Many other small cars do a poor job of accomodating those of us who aren't about the standard 5'8". It is surprisingly roomy inside--there is actually enough headroom to for me to sit up in the backseat. The Aveo's performance and mileage, while adequate, could be better, but you can't have everything at this price point. 
I just love this little car. It is so fun to drive. The gas mileage is a little less then I thought it would be, but I get about 30 in overall driving. It has lots of leg and head room. It feels as if you are sitting in a real chair and has good interior styling-flashy dashboard and stereo knobs, etc. It has a lot of little extras. 
Very light weight, handles very poorly in wind. Gets a nasty screeching noise from doors or mirrors when driving in wind. Front engine crankshaft seal failed yesterday, lost all oil, damaged engine, oil/idiot light did not come on before engine started knocking. GM will only replace damaged parts, which is the crankshaft and bearings. Not pleased with that, should get a fresh engine and waranty. Manual transmission is already showing signs of problems, clunks into gear and sometimes hard to get into first. I am not a kid hot roding it. Its a commuter car, I drive it carefully. 
Had no intention of purchasing a new vehicle but the warranty and price pushed me over the edge. After spending thousands on used vehicles over the past 3 years, I wised up and purchased this little hatchback. I am 6'2" and a little over 250 pounds and I have no trouble getting in or out of the car. I am amazed at the amount of room. My only suggestion would be change the cup holders, but for the price how can I complain. The car has great fit and finish and the room inside is amazing. I even get people telling me how much they like my car when I am in town.
Having owned and driven this car for 2 months, I am impressed with its comfort and driveability in city traffic. We have studded tires where I live and the rough pavement on local freeways is a bit harsh to drive on but all other characteristics are fine. This is my 18th vehicle over 39 years and it delivers everything I thought it would! I bought this car as an inexpensive alternative to a used vehicle for good mileage in city work commutes and it fills the bill perfectly!
I love my Aveo. It is a fun sporty car. It has a lot of little extras. I've gotten some people asking me if it is a Volkswagen. If you compare a Jetta with it you'll find that the body is similar. It has lots of leg and head room. It feels as if you are sitting in a real chair and has good interior styling-flashy dashboard and stereo knobs etc. The engine is spaced out enough that a do-it-yourself mechanic can work on it comfortably.It's an American car which hopefully means cheaper parts, though I have heard that American cars tend to break down more so we'll see in the long run what's least expensive. With chrome lined lights, a spoiler and a sunroof this is the cutest little car Chevy makes.
I was very happy with this buy because its my first car. I needed somthing cheap and good. The look was great and the interior was great for the price range. What won me over was the look and the price and the miles this thing gets. I support American cars so I love this car. Sorry Yaris.
I bought this vehicle primarily for fuel economy. I consistently get 36-40 mpg in normal driving. Babying it a bit has returned several 43-45 mpg tankfulls. Running it hard on the freeway (80+ mph) drops the mileage to the 30-33 range. Comfort is good for a car of this class - comparable to my old Honda Civic. I love the lumbar support in the driver's seat. The transmission is geared well to deal with the car's modest engine torque while coming up to speed; and cruises well at highway speeds. I have not encountered any high speed or crosswind instability. Vehicle is built tight, and after 3500 miles, has proven to be quite reliable. Cornering and braking are better than I expected. 
I bought this car because it was cheap, but I feel like I got a lot of car for the money. I rented a 2006 Malibu over the summer, and I think this is comparable in styling and driving (except for being only 4cyl). It's sharp and comfortable! Great visibility, and you feel like you're sitting high up. Love that it has an interior trunk and gas release. Good car for the money! I hope I find it reliable for years to come.
Good car for its price. Me and my wife use it for commuting. She drives it in the morning I use it at night. Good gas milleage. 
I love my new Aveo. I did a lot of research on small cars and pricing due to our budget, and when I test drove my 2007 Aveo it drove as smooth as butter! So quiet and comfy. It felt smoother than other more expensive cars. The gas mileage will save me even more money. Anything after 2006 is great on this model and with the low pricing on this car go for it get the 2007! We are happy campers.
Very fun to drive, although not a cold weather car by any means. If you live somewhere that it is below freezing a lot, do not buy this car. The defrost (outside of the main vents) isn't very good and it will drive you crazy. I've no complaints on this car yet. make sure you get auto door locks as it's optional. I do not have them and wish I'd gone for it. Get all options on this car, as there are not many - and it still will not cost you that much! 
I would have to say without a doubt that the improvments in styling for the 2007 model sold us but I especially liked the new rear tailight design. It is much bigger inside than it looks although rear space is limited but feels like a much more expensive car than it is. The ride is good for a small car and handling is also good and makes for easy parking. 
I think this is a cute, fun, reliable car. I am glad I bought it. Nice transportation to and from my job, as well as around town. I check out many cars and it was a toss between the Aveo, Scion or the PT Cruiser. In the end I decided on the Aveo 5 hatchback. I got bright blue, which is a pretty color, but not my choice. Others I would have had to wait for, and I needed transportation in a hurry. I would have preferred the new cinnamon, pretty yellow or slate blue. All and all I am satisfied with my new little car and it fits in my driveway behind my husband's larger van. I needed a compact car for that reason. I have one suggestion regarding the side view mirrow.
Recently bought the 2007 special value model Chevy Aveo 5 (hatchback). I love the style and color, spicy orange. It is a very nice little car especially for the price. It is a base model so not fancy in any way but comfortable, roomy, and zippy. I am very happy so far. Spicy orange style. 
Waited a long time to get it, two months. It has a sporty exterior, spoiler, et al. Luxurious interior and very comfortable. Lots of extras included. A pleasure to drive, pep, good brakes, ease of parking, and a real buy for the money. Just what I needed for around the town and brief trips. Recommend it for anyone who needs a runabout, with style. 
After three months of painstaking dilemma, I finally got this car! My first ever car! Looks are great both in and out. It's easy to maneuver, comfortable, very economical, and lots of space inside! I had test driven almost a dozen of cars, but the Chevy had its advantages. That's why I chose it!
The car is much nicer than any other compact I have owned. Bought as a second car and a grocery getter. This does more than deliver. It is smooth, quiet, comfortable, and has about as much power as you would expect from a compact.
I love this car. It rides nice, looks great, and you can drive it for a long time before having to fill up.
GM cannot figure out why they can't sell cars. Here is a pleasing, cool, practical contender in the Mini club but who's to know? Great gear box, precise steering feel, amazingly quiet with a compliant, controlled ride. The only weakness I could find: the seat has little support (you sit on it, not in it) and the headrest is somewhat annoying and doesn't support the head comfortably. But, a definite "must drive" when considering Fit, Yaris, etc. A well developed package for all-around use that puts a smile on your face.
I looked and test drove, Honda Fit, Toyota Scion, Toyota Yaris and Kia Rio... Former Suzuki Grand Vitara Owner (2005 Lease) .... ABSOLUTELY THE BEST DECISION WOULD BE AVEO!!!... I have little to NO engine noise whatsoever, very smooth suspension, it does not have the torsion bar (ind. suspension), lots of cool little "features" that are common on premiums, great handling and response and EXCELLENT fuel mileage and I could compare that to my families Toyota Prius... Just the BEST investment I could have made...
I absolutely love my new Aveo. It handles great, and feels bigger inside than it looks from the outside. Tons of trunk space. Plenty of leg room in the front. The adjustments on the driver seat are wonderful, I can drive long distances without feeling fatigued and sore when I arrive.
I like my new Aveo, but the gas mileage is not what I expected or was reported. I think it should have a switch where you can lock doors from inside.
When looking for an economy car that primarily would be used for work/commuting, I looked for in this order: reliablity/dependability, gas mileage, price, and options/looks. Amoung others looked at: Ford Focus, Saturn ION, and the economy one from Toyota (which I can't remember the name of but, not much to be disired either). After test driving and having the vehicle I have which is the Chevy Aveo. I am happy with its performance, maintenance, options, price, and gas mileage, and I like how it handles curves. I feel safe and comfortable. Even though it's slow going up hill at the rate of speed I prefer, but it's keeping my gas mileage reasonable. Overall, I don't regret purchasing it
Comfortable car. Very nice interior and exterior design, and for the price, very well equipped. On the other hand, poor gas mileage for this engine. Noisy with the struts.
I hated the dealership I got this car from so for all my service I go to a different dealership, but outside of the dealership the car is great. I get 27mpg city driving, the get up and go is a little slow but its just a 4 cylinder so that's okay she handles turns great and handles the occasional long drive out of state. Great first car for me. Body lines are clean and the size and shape are ideal for Jersey driving and parking. Love it, and would recommend this car!
This is a good little car but I wouldn't buy one unless your in it for the long haul. If you want something that's good on gas, fun to drive and cheap, the Cobalt is a good choice but I wouldn't buy a GM product unless I planned on keeping it for 10 years. It's poor resale value overwhelms the cost of paying it off. Overall it's a well built car but the plastic interior is a bit cheap. Also don't slam the glove box or it will crack at the opener like mine did.
Overall, I am pleased with the fuel efficiency, but little else. I started having trouble when the drivers side door broke off completely. I got online to do some research and have found that I am not the only one with this issue. I decided to repair the handle myself just to find out that it will take more than just removing the interior door panel. I switched from Ford to Chevy in hopes of easy repair work, but I miss my Ford already. 
This car is very fun to drive and has a cute body, but those are about the only good things I have to say about the car. In the very few months I have had the car I have had; the breaks replaced, had to buy a new battery and have had the whole gear shift unit replaced. It is not practical at all. There is no space what so ever in the back seat. The inside paint scratches way too easily and the stereo razzes very easily. Over all just not a practical car. Oh and if you get one with a fin on the back forget about rear visibility.
I've had my Cobalt for a little over a month. It's a wonderful first car. I read reviews here before buying this car. I read about someone hearing a cricket noise when the air conditioner was on, I hear this noise every time I have the AC on, it can get annoying after a while because I hear it over my music. I've put aver 1000 miles on it since I got it. Now it has about 42,000 miles on it. It gets around 26-28 mpg in town. It's a wonderful car :-) I love it! 
I wanted a safe dependable car to send my daughter off to college. She liked the sporty look, and we shopped until we found one with the bells and whistles. The car has 37,000 miles on it, so the bumper to bumper has expired (barely-- 36,000). While she was driving from Nashville, the power steering just quit working. I'm glad she wasn't in a turn! Dealership and GM are not very sympathetic, but when I googled "Cobalt power steering," I found that this problem is widespread. I hope that anyone considering the Cobalt will use google and research this power steering failure.
I love my Cobalt, but I am worried about it's reliability. My visor broke after I had the car about a year. I have not even had the car 2 years and the top part of my shifter knob just broke off along with the plugs for the chargers no longer working. Also, the emergency break went out. Great that it's still under warranty, but what am I going to do after that?
Not sure where to start...had my Cobalt for less than a month when I heard a horrible rattling noise. Took it to the dealership only to find that the windshield had been installed upside down and had to be replaced. Got the car out of the shop. Drove it for two weeks and started hearing a horrible noise in the front end. Two compressors later, and I still hear a 'bug zapper' like sound when I run the heat or the air. Dealership swears that they can't hear it, but everyone else who has ever been in the car has commented on it. The car drives okay, but honestly, has been in the shop way to often for a brand new vehicle. As the owner of both an 07 Cobalt and an 07 Malibu LS, I'm unhappy w/GM!
Before I had a 2001 Chevy Cavalier, that had reached 225,000 miles. I thought that the Cobalt would be comparable to the Cavalier boy was I wrong. I love the style of the car very cute inside and out. The features are amazing XM, MP3 jack, remote start, but the quality leaves much to be desired. I have had to fix so much on it in two years broken tail light after two weeks of ownership, squeaky sunroof, loose seat fabric, breaks and rotors replaced(only after 15,000 mi),left control arm, radio buttons stopped working, and BOTH remotes to my car are broken.
This is an update from my 9/13/07 post. This is a great little car. Fuel economy is 34 to 36 on my mostly highway commute at about 60 mph. Got 40 mpg on trip once. Seats are still comfortable. Shifting is not as crisp as when new. Never been back to dealer for any warranty service. Oil change is super easy with the front cartridge filter and oversize filler cap. Tires will need to be replaced before next winter. 
Had my Cobalt for a few months now, and I'm really happy with it. My last car was a Honda, and I've noticed that the Cobalt just feels more solid -- right down to the "thunk" the doors make when they close. I've crossed 32mpg on the highway, and the car rides like a much bigger vehicle. Can't beat this car at the price. I think Chevy came up with a winner this time.
I ordered this car after combing through the entire STL region looking for a blue 2.4 ss with sunroof and airbags. Car came and was surprided to find xm was standard. I really didnt care for it but now after listening i cant live w/o it! Also FM and AM reception with antenna is poor. Gas mileage is tricky. In order to get 34 mpg you have to drive like 55 mph on the highway. At 65mph I'm already at 2.5 K in 5th gear, could definitely use another gear for more gas saving. Overall I average 29mpg with 70/30 highway/city driving. Handling is 'sport' like, but it was easily be pushed over it's limits with body roll. Ride quality is very nice however, very smooth. I'm looking forward to modding it
What can I say? It's a great car that GM has finally put some real effort into. For me, its been 1 month since I took delivery, and there hasn't been a day I didn't look forward to driving it. Moreover driving it daily has been a great experience. The fuel economy when not heavy footed (hardly ever, due to the rewarding power of the Eaton M62 Supercharger) is comparable to that of the ultra-compact econo-gas misers; Yaris, Aveo, etc The factory performence packages being offered by GM's Performence Parts division are the best to be found in the aftermarket. So you get more power out of your beast, while retaining full factory warranty (when installed c/o GM Service depts) hard to argue!
I bought this car brand new. The first week it was fine. But within the second and third week of driving, strange noises started coming from the front engine area - these weird ratting sounds that would come and go. And after 3 weeks, a horribly loud noise suddenly started clicking. It sounded like it was coming from the right front tire. So I had to take it back to the dealership to get fixed. The brakes also make a strained sound, and they aren't paticularly as sharp as I'd like them to be. The clanking sound is unnerving and extremley annoying. Now I have to go out of my way to get it fixed. This is inconvienent and not fair - I've only owned for less than a month! 
This car is very well rouded. It has performance, handling, style, fuel economy and isn't too expensive; $19,500 brand new w/all but 6 disc changer Power is solid up to 3500 rpm and then she just screams all the way up to redline at 6500 rpm with an auto trans The power is exhilarating. Handling is absoltutely superb while maintaining a pleasant ride (even my wife doesn't complain). Fuel economy is good considering the power (175 HP). I usually get about 26 miles per gallon with a pretty even split of city and highway driving(and my pedal to the floor). I think this car is the total package. I test drove a few other competitors with comparable economy and the Cobalt SS was the obvious choice
After 3 weeks and some 1800 miles my Cobalt and I have come to know what to expect from each other. This mild mannered compact rocket is a solid commuter at about 32mpg at average highway speeds of 70-80mph. What is truly surprising is that when you need a little burst of excitement or feel the need to circumnavigate the occasional left lane obstacle, a quick crack to 3rd and back to 4th makes you want to kiss your sales man for suggesting you test drive the S/C. As for the responsive handling, considering the base model is the offspring of the Caviler it is a blast to drive even with some mild under steer. Style is 1st rate in the sport compact class. Only one bad thing, GM why no S/C in 2008?
Purchased on Sept. 1 06. 10000 Kms to date. This car is a blast to drive! I can barely stand to drive it slow. This car is not much of a town car, but is totally a highway car. Power is more than enough for daily driving, and space upfront is great. Rear seat space is excellent for a compact car. Trunk space could be a little better, but again, it's a compact car. My only regret is I was unable to get the G85 Recaro Package (due to order date and GM product management difficulties)
This is a great car for the money. I got it with a $1000 rebate so it ended up being cheaper than a similarly equipped Aveo - and there's much more car here. Currently, using top-tier 87 fuel and synthetic oil, between town and highway driving, i'm getting about 35 miles/gallon. (on a 13 gallon tank I can get over 400 miles and still have over a gallon of fuel left) The audio input jack is a great standard feature and for those who wish to upgrade their audio on their own, they'll be pleased to find the battery in the trunk. I almost bought a used ford focus for around $10K, but This car after rebate, taxes, etc.. ended up being 13K and wasn't somebody elses problem. No regrets.
I bought my Cobalt for the rebates, otherwise I'd be driving an import. That said, the Cobalt is a big improvement over the outdated Cavalier. Excellent fuel economy (I've seen 36mpg; and with only 2000mi, it will improve when things loosen up). The metallic orange paint gets attention, and the 2.2L Ecotec is one of GM's best engines ever. However, a good engine and decent styling can't hide all the places GM cheaped out. Such as lock placement that makes them impossible to use while you're seated in the car, or the solid grey interior door panels (it would have been much classier to continue the dash's two tone them into the doors), or the cheap feeling steering wheel and shifter.
We got the Cobalt early May '07, and by late May I have almost 4000 miles on it already and it seems like a pretty decent car. Has some pretty good pep for a 4cyl, fuel economy is great compared to the SUV we traded in for it, however not the 34 mpg that they advertise, still I'm getting around 27mpg. The stereo system cranks good for a stock radio and CD player. We can not fit the whole family in it leagally, or safely for that matter, but that's what the wife's mini-van is for. All in all I'd have to say I'd give it a thumbs up, lets see what breaks on it in the first 50K or 100K miles. 
I know that the Cobalt is an upgrade from the Cavalier but it's way beyond that. The cCobalt is much more comfortable and rides much smoother. I would recommend this car to everyone. It's great for travel or just your everyday driving. Chevy is definitely a winner with this one!
We purchased this car as a commuter for my wife, really not expecting an exceptional vehicle for $13,500 out the door. My feelings have changed after making several day long drives, really taking a liking to the car. With 266 miles on the odometer we're getting 39 miles per gallon on the interstate, really great on a car that advertised 34 MPG Hwy. Secondly it handles exceptionally well and is comfortable to drive. 95% of the time I drive a full size truck, never paying attention to the fact that your constantly scrutinizing your size in a given space... it does weigh on you in commuting. This is a nice car and we're actually discssing getting another in the Pontiac version. So far, elated!
I bought my SS 2.4 Colbalt with 147 on it. White with black interior has everything I wanted power everything awesome stereo, sunroof. This car is just the best ever for the price I paid and the competitors was prices just right and not over 20k for the options I wanted, I drove the Civic Si, the new Sentra Se R, Tiburion, even Saturn Ion Quad Coupe also the Pontia G5 the cousin of the Cobalt All these were either over priced or didn't have what I wanted to pay for. Chevy has finally got it right and I got the last White one in the area for 2007 sorry. I love it from the moment I saw it I wanted it. Love a first sight so to speak 
It is larger than you first think. The engine is terrific. The size of the whole car is just right. Big enough to carry 4 people, small enough to be fuel efficient, and powerful enough to not require a V6. The stereo is a great design and a joy to work although a little more power would be nice. The paint job on my Cobalt is exceptional. I bought the paint protection. I think it is well worth the price for any car. Overall a great ride for not much money. I looked at Focus, but I think the Cobalt is a better car for less money. 
I was ready for a new car and wanted to spend less than $15k. The Cobalt was a no-brainer. The 2 door laser blue coupe looks fantastic and I got it with all the goodies I wanted for under $14,000. I've owned it for a few weeks and I have only a couple of complaints. The doors are long and locking/unlocking them is awkward, power door locks should have been standard. No armrest, whats up with that? The interior of the doors are all one color, light gray. Adding a darker gray to the door would have looked sportier and hidden stains better. Window crank handle fell off in my hand after only a few uses, just snapped it back on and all is well. Gas mileage seems OK, a few more mpg would be nice 
This is the first new car I have ever had. Good car for the $15,000 I spent after taxes. I have a middle of the road model with power windows and air conditioning. One irritating problem is that after owning the car for five months, I am now hearing a sound of something loose or rolling around in the front engine/tire area of the car whenever I make a moving right turn and sometimes a moving left turn. I took it to the dealer, and they claimed that only one of two mechanics who looked at the car could hear the sound. They stated that did not know what was causing it and could not fix it. I don't understand since sound is obvious, and I am continuing to press the issue with dealer. 
Engine has plenty of power for a 2.2. So far the mileage holds true 24 city, 32 hwy. Steering is effortless but tight enough to feel the road. Handling is tight through the corners and the Pirelli's hold the road even in the N.W. rain. Interior is excellent with all the comforts of the 21st century! Overall I give the car and the experiance an "A".
With 6000km behind me, I can say that I'm very pleased with my purchase. The powertrain is superb and interior space provides comfort that's completely devoid of tacky gimics common to the Japanese competition. Handling is very good for a FWD car, but the ride is stiff. The brakes will send your dentures through the windsheid and the gearbox has an "American" feel to it. Longish throw but having solid, positive engagements. It's really nice actually and it feels strong. To my eye, the body styling is beutiful in it's simplicity despite the wing. GM did not "cheap-out" with this platform. Tested at the Nurburgring, it shows.
After looking at Honda, and Mazda etc., when shopping for my next ride, none had the options/price I was looking for without buying aftermarket items. On long drives I do not suffer from fatigue I felt in previous cars or feel in other models that I get from the rental companies. My job requires extensive travel and I find myself comparing every rental I receive to my Cobalt! The Cobalt handles very well. I get a good sense of the road when behind the wheel. Simply put my Cobalt is not going anywhere unless I am driving. 
I traded my favorite car I have ever owned, a Chevy Tracker, for a new Cobalt. I was afraid of switching to a small sedan. I love it. It drives great. It is nice to look at. The paint is a deep blue that the sun sometimes reflects off as purple. Getting 31.4 mpg city/driving combined. Perfect big city car. It's a winner of a car if you don't have to have the biggest one on the road.
The Cobalt SS supercharged is a truly great car. It's fast, reliable, and perfectly built. The features it comes with make it fun, and its good mileage makes it cheap to fill up. Since the car is so light and it has 205 horses it can accelerate extremely fast.
Just got the car a few weeks ago as a new daily driver to replace my '97 Sunfire. Ride is very smooth. I'll be going down the highway thinking I'm doing 65 and it's really up around 80. Handling is nice and tight, with minimal torque steer. I've been getting around 31 mpg, however it's only a 13 gallon tank so it seems to go quicker than what you're averaging. Overall for the money, it's hard to do better. The car is leagues ahead of the J-Bodies it replaced. Just will have to wait and see how it holds up in the long run.
Got my Cobalt early this month and totallyl ove it! Personally, I love the look of the coupe much more than the sedan. What caught my eye was its low price. Although the price had me skeptical - coming from a Chevy oriented family - I had to give them a shot! Car is very responsive, great on sharp turns and fun to drive. Getting to know it, I would have preferred an SS - but I got what I can afford. My friends simply say, the more you see it - the more you get to like it. Speaks for itself. Great start off car for a teenager parentals! This is my second and wish I would have had anything similar to it as my first!
I have not owned a GM in a while. I must say for the price and for a 4 cylinder car, the performance is great! Handling is sharp, has every feature in most dealer models, the heated leather seats are great. I compared this model to a new Civic and a new Focus, this had more options and is faster for about the same amount. Although I have not had it that long, the build quality seems very good. Another thing to point out, its made in America! My fiance also recently bought a Pontiac G6 and is also very good, I would say one of the best cars they have built in a long time. GM is making some good changes, thier new lineup is more reliable, appeals to the market and still costs less!
The gas mileage is great! The small car grows on you as you drive it. Fun. Easy to maneuver, turning radius 33! Decent pick up for the on ramp. Safety scores high! Gave the car to my DD and am now considering another one after shopping Mazda, Honda, Mitsubisi, and Saturn! Can't beat the price and quality, mileage and safety without all the options nickle and dimeing you to death! 
What can I say..GM did it again. This is a huge upgrade from the Cavalier. I was a big fan of the Cavalier z-24 and im a bigger fan of the Cobalt. I got the upgraded sound system with ten inch sub. Wow good job. I never had a white car but this Cobalt looked great in white.The handling is great. The all black interior is very smooth. Great on gas. I drive great distances to work and back...all i can say is wow. The car has the needed boost to get past those slow drivers with no problem. Great bang for the buck!
It's a great car for someone looking to not spend over $20,000 and still have some room and functionality. Great trunk room along with easy to function stereo, driver information center, and cruise control. Smooth drive with decent gas mileage in town(21 mpg..expected 25-28), but lower than advertised. 
This car is so fun to drive. I used to have a Sentra Spec-v and this Cobalt SS is so much more fun. I love it
I bought my 2007 Cobalt LS coupe in September of 2006 and I love it. The performance for the money ($12850) is mind blowing. The handling isn't too bad either. I can sling the passengers around and a tire never slips (not so much as a squak). Refined suspension and a fairly powerful (148 hp) stock engine make for one heck of a back road driving experience especially with the easy to operate 5-speed tranny! If stock isn't for you, don't worry, GM makes more than enough goodies for this car and if they won't do, think about it, this car is probably America's best compact car. Aftermarket companies are drooling right now!
After a lifetime of fast sports cars, I just totaled one, ouch!Decided I'd get a bare bones econobox for cheap insurance, to tide me over til the new Camaro debuts. After looking at all the others I picked the Cobalt. I love this car! Fun to drive, decent power and mileage, plus it looks great in Victory Red. Love the tail lights! Lowered it with Eibach SportLines, bigger rims/BFG T/A KDW's, spoiler, full tint, sheepskins. I'm gonna keep her as my daily driver after I get the Camaro. Highly recommended. Big bang for the buck ! Chevy, You won me back!
I really enjoy my Cobalt so far but have only owned it for 1 week and haven't had a chance to take it on a long trip. I have only been getting around 20 miles per gallon in town which is a big disappointment to me because I was told this vehicle would get around 25 miles per gallon for in town driving.
I bought my Cobalt brand new in 2005, so I'm sure by now Chevy has tuned the model up some. But overall it is a decent car. I would have tried to get rid of it but they do grow on you. The ride is good and the handling is great. You would expect fuel economy to be better from a 4-cyl. though. The worst parts about it are the interior design and room. The backseat isn't comfortable or roomy at all and the trunk opening is tight. Headlights are average and on long drives it can get uncomfortable. Worth a look though.
This car is a whole lot of fun all around. I think it is best on roads that have a lot of curves. The ride is a lot better then I expected.
I find the car handles well, and picks up fast once you hit 3000 rpm. HP is actually a whopping 226! Outperforms a Corvette in the slalom and is kind of sexy in appearance. Watch out for potholes, because the car doesnt handle them well. I owned a '90 Z24 prior to the SS, and wow, what a step up! Keep up the good work GM! Look out imports and V8's!
It seems like time stops when im in my Cobalt SS/SC. It handles great, and I love the interior, all the options, and what the factory offers for me for aftermarket. Really a lot of car for the price! Just writing this makes me want to go out to the back roads again:)
This Cobalt I have is such a dependable, sporty car. Wherever I go, I can't help myself but to put the pedal to the metal with it. It's just awesome.
I love this car! It is fun to drive. Handles great. Fuel mileage is pretty good too. I average 26.5 town/hwy and 31 on the freeways. The sound system in it is awesome too! Taking corners is awesome in this car. I think with a custom sway bar it would be better. All in all I love this car. The good outweighs the not so good. The few things I don't like is the emergency brake and the middle console are on top of each other, making the emergency brake difficult to access. Seems to have a bit of a lag in between some of the gears, and 1st is way too short.
This car is exciting, powerful, and fun to drive. It makes my communte to work enjoyable. Days off even more. I have a Mercedes CLK 430 and it rarely leaves the garage now. Performance upgrades frome GM are great and inexpensive and make a huge difference.
We purchased this vehicle after having driven a rental vehicle of the same type for a month.We were pleased with the way the rental drove, and have been equally pleased with the purchased vehicle. We havc a five on the floor tranny and it is a great deal of fun to drive. The gas mileage has been much better than we expected, running over 30 MPG for most of our driving which includes city, highway and rural driving. 
For the money, the power, build, and fuel economy it is just as good if not better than any import. Kudos to GM for this vehicle. And as a former Honda, BMW, Mercedes owner I'm not just saying that. GM is again an entry level leader.
Looks great. Handles very well around corners. Good size engine, and a nice radio upgrade from the '06 to the '07 model. Only suggestion is to have better quality speakers. Other than that, a great car for a good price.
Roomy and comfortable car with a large trunk. Low exterior noise. Window handle and seat belt keeper need to be of better quality.
This was the car my parents bought for me. It's a 5 manual but still is fun to drive. I've had no problems with the car. Easy to handle, and quick standard engine. Gets ok gas mileage in city and highway mileage is great. Love the smooth ride.
I bought my cobalt the night after my high school graduation, I bought it for $11,988 with 15,389 miles on it. But the night I drove it home, when I hit my very well maintained gravel driveway, I heard a loud thud coming from the steering! Well the dealership replaced both steering shafts but now 17,000 miles later at around 31,500 miles the same shaft need to be replaced! It all was under warranty but now I am worried about it going out at 45,00 miles (not under warranty!) but over all it is a very flashy car, especially with a loud exhaust! (gets the cop's attention). I love the stereo and the interior design! And I am getting 26.5 mpg driving around town and I once pulled 35.6 on a road trip!
The LS build was certainly a fun car to drive. Obviously it's not a sport, so performance is not its focus. The LS is built tight with pretty good suspension. Despite the size of the engine, acceleration was adequate. The interior is clean and easy to follow with no confusion among the cluster gauges. The only thing I regret when I owned the car was that I opted for the basic model. I'd strongly recommend upgrading to a higher model with automatic features, because it certainly improves the convenience. The fact that ABS is not standard is disconcerting. I've not owned it a long time, so the Chevrolet rapport is disconcerting. Not too sure if this car will last like a Toyota.
Just bought my Cobalt Supercharged with 1400 miles on it. Was a demo. The car has been so much fun to drive. Getting 40 + miles per gallon going easy on the highway. The sport red color with the 18 inch chrome wheels is awesome. Other than an occasional minor rattle (might be beacuse it's wintertime), this car is absolutely a must as long as you're not worried about a small backseat or using it for construction projects.I have a 2004 Avalanche that I now can use for carting my gear only. I'm now saving a lot on gas and wear and tear. The bottom line: If you're looking for a fast and fun car to drive, you've got to consider this car! Feels like the old days. Power with no worry of fuel!
Bought this car new in March of 2007 and currently have just over 20k miles. The selling points of this vehicle were the gas mileage and comfort of the interior (considering it's size). The sticker stated 24 mpg city and around 30 mpg highway. On the highway the car gets the 30 mpg but in the city I'm lucky to get 17mpg. I have a 1999 Subaru Outback with 189K miles that gets better mileage in the city. Very dissapointed. The car its self is pretty reliable. I had it to the dealer 5 times (3 for the same problem). I think the 5 trips to the dealer speaks more for the dealership than the car. Finally, if you get this car step up to the LT model. No power windows or door locks gets tiresome.
My Cobalt LS 4-door has been a great purchase and a terrific commuter car. I bought the car new for a very good price which included a rebate, dealer discount and GM Card credits. Out the door with a 100K mile warranty set me back $12.8K. The car has 15,000 miles on it and it has not needed any repairs thus far. The car is very reliable and runs flawlessly. I do the maintenance myself, which is very simple. I'm pretty tall and I find the driver seat very comfortable. drive about 60 miles/day, so I'm in the car about 2- 1/2 hrs/day. The car gets >30 mpg and has plenty of pep. The car handles pretty well for a small car.
I've had this car for over 2 years now and have 45000 miles on it. I had to order the car because I could not find an SS with a five speed and all the options I wanted. So I hadn't test drove one when it was ordered.I've never had to take it in for service but did replace the brakes and rotors at 40,000. The interior aluminum paint has started to chip from wear and tear and the steering wheel leather has started to fade. I previously had a 2005 Grand Am GT and it was in the shop twice in the 2 years I owned it. The Grand Am had more get up and go than the cobalt but it was a V6 automatic. Decent car for the price, but some improvements could be made. Back seat is extremely comfortable for a coupe
I have an 07 SS Coupe. I drive a lot. My gas mileage has been less then desirable with getting at the most 27mpg highway. I have 42k on it now and at 40,500 I had to have my transmission replaced. Thank goodness for extended warranties or it would have cost a fortune. Styling is great. I get a lot of looks from people because the car looks hot in black. Tires are expensive to replace and the SS is so low to the ground it doesn't clear most speed bumps without scraping. Unless you get a great deal on this car, I would think twice.
The 2007 Cobalt LS 2 door in some ways is a stylish car, but, from looking at the front and sides, looks too much like a re-vamped Cavalier. I expected more from this car than it delivered. Gas mileage on the 2.2 automatic is terrible for a 4 cylinder, eats far more gas than a Nissan Altima 2.5 4 banger, and isn't half as fast, in fact, it's sluggish by comparrison. Comfort is basic, behind the times, needs better standard sound system w/ larger standard sized tires/ wheels. Vehicle is noisy inside passenger cabin, and exterior paint job inferior, marks/ chips easily. Many blind spots when parking, observing on- coming traffic from behind, and passing. It's a re-vamped Cavalier.
Well, to sum it up in one word, the word "nightmare" comes to mind. The car is actually very nice to drive, handles better than my Mustang ever did, and it has just enough pep to get me into trouble. However, let me tell you the bad about it. There is this rather loud, annoying rattle, which can not be figured out by two different dealerships. Had it in five times, parts replaced every time, and still nothing. Also, it has this little issue that makes it not start at the most of inconvenient of times. No one can figure that one out either. I will tell you that to me, this car is the biggest waste of money, and "GM integrity" that I have ever encountered. GM: Build a better Cobalt! 
I now have over 10,500 mi on the car and its still without any problems. I took the car to the shop 3 times: Once for an oil change and 2 because of something I did: Bent a rim and hit a deer. I abuse this car and it still treats me great. I'm now getting 30-37MPG depending on how I drive. The front tires are now starting to show noticeable wear. My only big gripe with the car is the noisy wheel covers. They squeak and rattle over bumps and it makes the car seem like less quality than it actually is. Next time I'm getting alloys. I still get compliments on the looks. Why are people still buying imports? Chevy packs quality, value, dependability, and fun all in one car. Check this one out!
For all of you out there that buy foreign because of the so called superior reliabilty this car is for you. Well built, fun to drive, excellent quality for your money.
I bought this car the day after Christmas 06. Didn?t have it a month and Air conditioner coil busted. March the fan troud begins rattling, AC compressor squeaks and random not starting. I took it to the dealer tightened the fan troud, replaced the Ac compressor and couldn?t find anything wrong why it won't start. June 08, gear shifter assembly fell apart! GM didn?t cover it, 321.86. A year later (out of warranty) these things are still occurring with the same response! These cars are pieces of junk! Something always needing to be repaired!!
My wife and I bought this car for her commute 40 miles/day. So far, excellent value. Paid $10k for used '07 LT Coupe/Automatic with air, cruise, tilt, pwr. windows, locks, CD player, etc. 26,000 miles. Good mileage, 35 consistantly on highway, 28-30 around town. Very quiet inside, almost no wind or road noise. 100k mile engine/transmission warranty nice plus. Considered a Civic or Corolla, but nothing this new with a decent warranty could touch the price. Would of had to buy a 5 year old Civic or Corolla to get to our $10k budget.
The base model seems to be the most car for the money and the quality so far seems to be competitive to leading imports. Even the most basic model comes with standard features that other cars in its class don?t come with. It is also easy and inexpensive to perform your own preventative maintenance (oil changes) on too. I like mine, a 2 door standard transmission, because it is sporty, economical, and practical. I did extensive research before buying it and had the most confidence with this purchase. 
I am 6' 7" and am very happy with my LS. I tried getting into most all the other compact cars and I just could not fit in them. I have not had a single problem with the car since I purchased. Perfect commuter car. I get about 30-31MPG combined and get 36- 37 MPG on the highway. 
My previous car was a 2003 Dodge Neon which i must say after the 1st yr needed a front end job..yuk! I've had the Cobalt for 15 months now and not a problem. Good power. Ride is good. Electric steering needs a little improvement. Great gas mileage. I get 30 around town. On long trips at first I was getting around 40mpg (automatic tranny) now around 38-39mpg. Dealer installed cruise for free. I love it!
I have owned my SS for about a year and love every day driving it. I have got as high as 40 mpg on the highway and ussualy around 30-32 around town. Love the ride and love the performance
Seriously, what's not to like about the Chevy Cobalt? Having long been a GM fan, I've never really considered buying a compact GM vehicle. I always figured I would have to buy an import to get the quality and value that I desired to add to my fleet of full-sized GM's. Well, my '07 Cobalt has proven to me that GM can make a good, reliable compact car. I'm not a small guy (6'2" and 245#) and this car fits me like a glove. The seats are supportive and there is more than enough leg room. I can easily keep up with my son's '07 Scion TC, and get WAY better fuel economy when doing so. Overall, this car can't be beat if you are looking for solid, economical transportation. 
Before I got this car I had a 2000 Chevy Prism that was amazing. So to compare the two has its ups and downs. The Prism got way better gas mileage. With the Cobalt it probably get about 25-29 MPG where before I was getting at least 35MPG. Its really stylish and I love the MP3 jack. Getting on the highway is great because it doesn't take long to get up to speed. I didn't get power locks or window and that's the biggest regret. It stinks to have to reach over and unlock doors and manually roll down windows. Wish the radio would crank up a little louder also. I love the digital display for the information center. However I wish OnStar and ABS was a standard. Overall pretty good and fun to drive!!
This car is fast. It almost has as much acceleration as my 750 cc motorcycle. Makes short work of an $80K BMW. This car is so much fun to drive. Looks great and to boot 40 mpg highway out of the 2.0 I chose the Cobalt due to the fact I had such great experience with the Cavalier. Car is loaded with everything you could want. Great job Chevrolet. Thank you
Purchased this vehicle used, had looked up car fax info and researched mileage. Guess what I'm only getting 19 mpg in the city, it's a good thing I only work 5 miles away. The car has a nice build and I can't find anything else I don't like about the car. I'm just disappointed in it's performance. I've had other used vehicles with a V8 that gave me 22 mpg in the city. I've taken it back to be serviced and I'm told there's nothing wrong it must be my driving habits. I've only put about 500 miles on this vehicle. 
This car was designed with safety as it's priority! I just got my Cobalt, and already I have the controls memorized! By looking at the great gas mileage, and the simple but stunning interior, you can tell this car was made by a practical on-the-go person. Don't let the small size fool you! This car has the most cabin room I've seen in a sedan! Not to mention the vast trunk room! Great, great car! you get every dime out of it!
I've had the car for a little over a year and I think that it is a good car for having over 16,000 miles already. There are some improvements that need to be made though. It has great fuel economy at 30 mpg, and that is not highway! Comfortable seating in front but not the back. good stereo system. Car is fun to drive on winding roads. The car has been in the shop twice. Once for bad control arm bushings and warped rotors. And the next for a loud grinding sound in the brakes. I think that it needs a 6 disc cd changer. Overall it is a good car for a low price.
In these trying times, our auto transmission LT sedan has shown outstanding gas mileage. Over 28 mpg around town all the time. It isn't suppose to be that good says the EPA, but we'll take it. It's a fun car, quieter than many other four cylinder cars in its class. We bought it used from a local Chevy dealer and after three months, no headaches. 
My first two cars were a Cavalier and Sunfire. The Cobalt by far is of much higher quality and is made far better. I originally was considering the Aveo when I went shopping for my 3rd car, but the quietness and smoothness of the ride got my hooked to the Cobalt. It's wonderful to drive in the snow. I feel very safe in it. After a 9 hour road trip it's still comfortable. 
This base model 07 Cobalt had me thinking twice about 4 cyl engines. As soon as I took off in this car, the performance was great. It handles really well on the curvy roads where I live in and the fuel economy is outstanding, 30 M+PG. I was also surprised by the amount of space that is present in the trunk, lots of it. Being that I'm 6 feet tall, I have enough room to sit behind the wheel. I was also surprised to see the battery in the trunk.
I've had my Cobalt for about 6 months now. I brought it brand new with 3 miles on it. As much as I drive I already have almost 11,000 miles on it and it still rides brand new with the brand new car smell. I road 6,000 miles over before I got my oil changed and the light still hasnt came on. I much money am I saving! The car is beautiful!
We got this car out of pure necessity (our previous Neon was on it's last leg). The Chevy Cobalt seems to be a much more solid car than the Dodge Neon. The only thing we needed to go back to the dealer for was the window sealing/trim falling loose from the door seal. What a great way to get from point A to point B without breaking the bank!
I bought my LS on a whim. Just went to look at cars and test drive some and well, it just kinda happened. Within 2 weeks, I had to take the car to the dealer, there was some major squeaking going on. Found out it was just the hubcaps, apparently they're horrible. They lubed them, but nothing else can be done. I'm now at month 13 of ownership and sitting at home with no car. It has 12,000 miles on it. Went to start it and it just wouldn't do anything. Called GMAC Roadside assistance and they sent "Big Dawgs" towing. We almost needed a tow truck for the tow truck. The car has been at the dealer all day. No courtesy car like my selling dealership promised, No response yet.
I got a great deal on this car and I love it! This car is great in the snow, if you know how to drive in the snow. It is also very fun to drive, not too sporty, not to grandma-esque. It is comfortable and reliable. I can fit my cross-country skis in the trunk if I fold down the back seat.
Car runs well, no problem under the hood but its built crappy. After a while car rattles on highway when pushing on brake. This car is not reliable. I bought this car Feb of 2008 and traded it in for a brand new Scion tc this month. Car is not worth it.
I have had my Cobalt for just less than a year now and I have to say I am very pleased over all. First off I got a great deal. The car is definitely more than I had expected. I find it fun to drive and very comfortable even on long trips. The car is gorgeous from the outside and the interior is very nice for a car in this price range. It has just enough power to make me happy. If I wanted a race car I would not have bought this. The handling should be more that adequate for most drivers. The ride is much softer and more forgiving than most cars in it's class. Overall I think it is a vast improvement over the Cavalier it replaced and a great value for all that you get.
I love it. I looked at new cars for two years and I really enjoy this car. I purchased victory red, leather interior sunroof. I could not ask for anything more and the estimated mpg is better than the sticker. I am getting 28 city 37 highway and the warranty is wonderful. I suggest this car to anyone. Very sporty sexy. So far so good!
I bought this car new, It's only been a year and I want to get rid of it! I've had problems with the transmission, wiring, the stereo system. The passenger airbag said 'off' when I had an adult sitting in the passenger seat! There are strange noises and it goes back in the shop tomorrow because it's making a jerking motion when I'm accelerating at a consistent pace, and shaking when I take my foot off the brake! I've already had this car in the shop for 6 things, now it'll be 7, and it's been in the shop for 21 days already not to mention how long it will have to be in this time! I think I would have been better off getting used! Not worth the money! GM really disappointed me with this one!
I am a larger man at 6'2" and I find that the Cobalt has the best leg room of compact cars. The Cobalt also offers a quiet ride and very good stability. We owned a 2005 Focus SES and this is hands down a better car and it is less "tinny". The power is decent and it offers a full compliment of standard features for a decent price. We paid $11,500 w/ only 13,500 miles on it.
When we received our Cobalt, we found both front power windows were off track. After the first rain, we found an inch or two or rain in the front drivers floor board. The dealer was able to align the front windows but was unable to fix the water leak. A second dealer was able to reduce the water leak. I believe that they had to bend the door. The arm rest blocks the emergency brake. There is no ash tray for collecting small items that you want to dispose of.
I previously had a 2007 Cobalt LT Coupe. The car was ok but was missing power. I also hated the fact that the car came with hubcaps which made loud noises on every bump. I wanted an SS/SC but was unable to get one at a good price. So I decided to get a Cobalt SS and wow! Big difference from an LT. 17' chrome wheels, Pioneer sound system, interior is way better than my old LT. The 2.4L engine is so powerful, it reminds me of my old 94 Camaro V6. I did change the wing to the high rise one that comes standard on an SS/SC only because I think the wing makes my Cobalt SS stand out more.
Love it! What more is there to say. Actual gas mileage could be a bit better for this vehicle. Fun to drive, accelerates like a speed demon when needed (but this is a SS engine & body, (not a 2 cyl), attractive. Chevy, you did it again for the mature, cost concious driver. Thanks
Well I bought the car as cheap as possible to lower the cost and regret it. I wish I had power locks and windows but that's my fault, for the money it's a good car. It's horrible in the snow, worse even than my 91 Camaro with the 5L v8. It's really pathetic that this car gets stuck as much as it does. I'ts comfortable tho, I'll give it that with a lot of room and a big trunk, just stay away if it snows in your area unless you want to buy snow tires (shouldnt be nessisary on a car like this, was never needed on my Camaro). If I could do it again I'd get the 1lt and get the features most otther cars come standard with.
I purchased a base model Cobalt LS 4- door sedan as a commuter car to go from home to work. I have the automatic transmission, upgraded radio, and the side curtain airbags and ABS as primary options. I chose the Cobalt in part because a relative visited me and rented a new LT model that I drove a few times. I was quite impressed by the car. The Cobalt is extremely comfortable for me. I'm 6'1" and the seating and drivng position is idea. Plus, after sitting in the car for a few hours on bad traffic days, I'm not sore or uncomfortable. The car handles very competently and has good pep for a small 2.2L four cylinder. The car was very inexpensive to buy.
I love this car. It handles way better then my Integra did and the low end power is there. It pulls through the rpm range very strong. Shifts are very quick with no drama. Seats have lots of long haul comfort. I take this car 600 miles in a weekend just about every month and it's a blast to drive.
Great car, with good gas mileage, performace, quiet, good ride quality and handling
One of the last 07's on the lot. Paid $10,300. The only option is the auto tranny. I only had it a couple days so this is an intitial review. The motor has almost the same pep as my 01 Z24 and gets better mileage. I'm averaging 25.6 MPG. The interior design of the car is a little plain but straight forward and worlds nicer than the Cavalier. The electric steering feels a little wierd at first but you get used to it. The rear end looks better on the coupe than sedan. The DIC does provide some useful stuff and the auto headlights mean you dont have to worry about leaving them on and draining the battery. The low beams are as bright as the highs on my Z24. I'll put in another review later. 
This has been a great car! I have put 26000 miles on it, all trouble free. Went to the dealer one time for warranty work, just a stuck ecv valve, total time at the dealership was less than 1/2 hour. Gas mileage is great, better than the EPA estimates. It would be hard to find a better car for the money. While the Cobalt is the replacement for the Cavalier, the Cobalt has nothing in common with it's predecessor. Everything about the Cobalt is leaps and bounds above the Cavalier.
The Cobalt ss/sc was a great idea but GM blew the execution. With less than 20,000 miles on the odometer the car is on its third clutch, had an injector fail, the radio replaced, exhaust rattle repaired, dash cluster replaced, rear seat hinge fixed, rear package tray reattached and the best part is GM won't back there product. The clutches were "reworked" due to a manufacturing issue. GM claims they have addressed the wear issues but wants consumers to pay around $1600.00 to replace the part with the new one. I know that there is the real possibility I have bought a lemon but GM hasn't stood by there product. I would love to know the power of this car but can't I'm afraid it will fall apart.
This car is extremely fun to drive. The LDS helps keep the torque steer under control and the bolstered leather seats adorned with embroidered "SS" logos hold you firmly in place while accelerating. Driver be warned...you will quickly climb the RPM band with this supercharged power plant! The throws are short and the gears engage with ease, beware of the sportingly short clutch...not a bad thing! The car handles incredible through both the curvies and the straight aways. Not to mention, the gas mileage has been incredible...especially for a supercharged engine! I'd definitely pit the "SS S/C" against the imports any day!
This is awesome. A joy to own and drive. The cobalt leaves all the competitors in the dust. Great performer on the worst roads in America, [Chicago and suburbs.] Mileage better than sticker estimate. Love this vehicle. Modern sleek lines, seats are super comfy for 5ft to 6ft tall drivers. Battery in trunk makes good sense. Can ride for mega miles with no back or neck ache which occured with my Toyota, Lincoln and Suzuki. Feels solid and sound proof. Which was a great surprise to all of us. We plan to continue to see the USA in our Chevrolet Cobalt. 
For the first 3K miles, this car was great. Then the noises began. Car constantly makes both a squeaking/chirping noise and a loud snapping sound around the b-pillars like the car is breaking in half over bumps and during turns. The sunroof also rattles and its switch repeatedly falls out of the headliner. Mechanically, I haven't had any problems in terms of the engine, transmission, suspension, etc. But when your car is a rattle trap, it's hard to enjoy it. All my cars have been American and they've been great and lasted for years. However, once my loan is paid off I'm going right out and getting something else.
Great little car for the price. No problems after 7 mos. ownership. Handles well; excellent acceleration for a small engine--keeps up with the bigger vehicles on the freeways with no problem. For a basic affordable vehicle with no frills (i.e. manual locks & windows) it's a good choice. So far I've only had one small problem with a rear door lock.
I love my Cobalt. I have never driven a car that drives so smooth. It is such a fun drive and was the car that stood out from all of the rest that I drove! I love it! I would highly recommend that you consider a Cobalt for your next car!
Here comes the underdog. It has a supercharger, it makes boost whenever you press the gas. The engine puts more horsepower to the ground then it's rated at and has dominated every form of racing it has been used in. Brake performance is exceptional, especially when you consider the cars price class and weight. Ove all the best bang-for-buck performance car in the last few years.
Love it! It's like a relationship, it takes work. There's somethings to get used to but for the price, it's an unbelievably great buy! Get a sunroof if you can, its a great feature that I find myself using everyday! (weather permitting)
Well first things first, I love my Cobalt SS. The power is there when you need it, design and interior layout fit the car nicely. Only downfall I dislike about this car is the spoiler, which is going to be removed when I have some extra cash. Also I had a porous head which had to be replaced by the dealership, but other than that the car runs and performs great. Good buy in my opinion and not too bad for gas mileage, currently getting 29.4 mpg when I don't get on the gas.
Cobalt LS 4dr with no options. With almost 4 months and 5000 miles, I think this is going to be great commuter car. 31-34 mpg mostly highway commute to work. Great AC and adequate radio/CD/mp3. Comfortable front seats and adequate rear seat room. Big trunk. Added aftermarket cruise (really just expensive switch), factory servo controls are already there. Plastic wheel covers and small tires will be replaced with alloy wheels and bigger tires when appropriate.
I bought this car in January of 07' so far no complaints at all besides I can't seem to stay out of it. Chevy offers the stage kits that really make the car come alive. Styling is sharp, an altogether great sport compact for anyone in the market.
The Cobalt is more capable and fun to drive than any of its competitors.
My last small car was a Toyota Tercel, after which I drove trucks for 14 years. I test-drove and looked at every other small car I could find before buying this. I am currently driving it locally around town (computer says average speed 21 mph), and like the 29 MPG I'm getting after putting a whole paycheck into my truck every month. It's nimble, turns very tight, and has decent acceleration. Since I don't drive very fast at all, I love it. The drivers seat took some fooling around to get comfortable, but my long legs are happy. This has the same engine as our '05 Malibu, which has run perfect for 2 1/2 years now. We did buy the center armrest for our LS, I recommend it.
This is my first econo car since I bought a Pinto in 1978. I'm not crazy about FWD but it has real grunt and I've found it easy to hot rod. I also feel good about saving a couple Americans their jobs and while the quality isn't what I'm used to, neither is a 22k sticker. All in all I'd consider another Cobalt but I would prefer RWD.
I have owned a Chevy Cobalt for 4 months now. I have 2500 miles on it. I really enjoy driving this car. It handles well. It has good pick-up and is easy to drive. My daughter also likes to drive my new Cobalt. Everyone whos sees it likes the way it looks. It ia laser blue metalic. It is comfortable in the front and back. The features are great. You can program up to 36 staions on the radio. The driver information center is cool. Lots of good info available on it, miles per gal, oil life percentage, 2 trip odomoters, fuel range, outside temp and a couple of other things too. Highway driving I get 32-34 MPG. The rear seats fold down so you can get larger things in the trunk.
Bought an 07 LS coupe in May, this is my first new car and also my first GM car. Have to say I'm very pleased so far. Love the exterior looks, love the dash and interior layout, plenty of space for me and comfortable seats, excellent gas mileage (currently getting about 29.7 city), fun to drive, smooth ride, great features (automatic headlights, auxiliary audio jack, MP3 player), affordable, all in all a great car to own and drive.
I was looking into something sporty and reliable. The black Chevy Cobalt Coupe (not the sedan - wasn't fond of the four door) definitely had both! Can't beat the price: under $13k - brand new! Especially for what it has to offer. I've had my car for about half a year and it still responds as it did the when I put in it's first miles. It's not the SS of course, but you gotta love the pick up and handling. The gas mileage is average - I guess I was expecting a bit more (but not bad to be honest). This car is great for 2 people and if you want to put some people in the back, front seat gotta scoot up (depending on people's size). Love the overall design, but mostly impressed with it's price.
I reluctantly rented this car for a 1500 mile road trip through 4 mountainous states, becuase it was the only car left with GPS navigation. I was not expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. The car is cheap and in many ways cheaply built, however GM put the quality into this car where it counts. The seats are comfortable but lacking in adjustments. This is one of the first automatic transmissions that I don't have to out-think to get the car to do what I want it to do. After driving 1500 miles to several national parks I can say that this was one of the most comfortable road trip cars I have ever driven.
I really like this car a lot. It's my 1st brand new car and 1st 4 cyl. It's a blast to drive for what it is and I love the sound system. I love the laser blue, i was told there was only 1 more blue 5 speed like it within 200m radius. My old cars were T/A's so its still slow to me but its quick enougbh to be fun and handles very well in turns. I got a lot more than what I was expecting for this little 4 cyl. Now to get a procharger 
Agree, need to pull interior door handles closer so as not a far reach. My biggest trouble is the seat, dash and steering. With long legs you move the seat back, but since the steering wheel doesn't scope, you're reaching. The steering wheel for tall people cuts out part of the speedometer located on the left and no matter how I adjust the seat and steering, it's just not comfortable. I wish it had more head room also and a little more pickup like my previous small car. I'm really just not happy at all with it and I really regret buying it. The trunk could use a larger opening.
I recently purchased this car and am nothing but happy so far. It is my daily commuter and I have nothing bad to say so far. It gets me to work and it runs great. Good on gas and very fun to drive. Anything beats my old Crown Vic on gas, but this one is great. This is no race car but it gets out of its own way very well.
Like we all say, fun to drive, great looks, great price. Good choice. Was pulled over once already with 800 miles on it (warning).
I bought my new red Cobalt LS 5-speed 2-dr coupe about 3 weeks ago. This is my first new GM vehicle, and I am very pleased with it so far. It is comfortable and fairly quiet, and has a very nice interior layout. The EPA rates it at 25/34 mpg city/hwy, but I got 33.6 mpg on my first tank, and 35.9 mpg on the second. My commute is 20 miles each way, mostly Interstate highways, but including weekends I expect that it is about 25% local/75% highway driving. I am driving efficiently, but I still keep up with traffic on I95 (70-75 mph). I use the A/C as necessary. It isn't as powerful as my 86 Mustang GT, but is still quite fun. I am very pleased with my purchase. 
I bought this about a month ago and have around 1150 miles. Car drives smooth with little outside noise. Very quiet engine! Electric power steering seems to working well with no problems. The interior is nice, however a bit nicer door panels couldn't hurt. Sunroof is quiet and a pleasant option to have. Seating in the front is very comfortable. Driver's side lumbar support is a nice feature, however it doesn't really make a huge difference. Instrument gauges are cleanly arranged, and the stock stereo is very nice! I love the features, and the XM that came with it! I have the 16" tires (instead of the stock 15") and I think it gives it a cleaner beefier look. Gas mileage is best at 65 mph. 
Bought my new 2007 Cobalt in July 2007, pulled off the dealer lot to get groceries, and noticed my front running light was out on the passenger side of the car. Went thru the first tank of gas, fair gas mileage, started to hear a rattle in the front passenger side of the dashboard, started to rattle after 800 miles on the Cobalt! Should have gotten a Honda Civic EX! 
It's very good on gas yet fast at the same time which is great. The acceleration on this car is really good and the handling is perfect. If you are looking for a fast car and want to save money on gas at the same time, I highly recommend the Cobalt SS supercharged.
This car has it all from great looks to awesome handling. The brute force in the supercharger is amazing and the Stage 2 upgrade makes it feel like a whole different car. 
This car is incredibly luxurious considering it is close to $20,000. I love the performance, handling, comfort, sound system, fuel economy, shifting, styling, and overall just in love with my new Cobalt. I wish they would continue making the Cobalt!
Great car for the performance-minded driver on a budget. Plenty of power for what is typically expected of a 4-cyl. FWD vehicle. It looks great too.The 18" gunmetal rims look incredible in all lights. Luckily Chevy offered an optional low spoiler option for '07, because that was the only gripe I had about the car. Gas mileage is excellent as well. With a 50/50 mix of city/hwy driving I get 25-27 MPG, and have got as high as 34 MPG on highway cruising. Very competitive in it's class. You may find slightly nicer interior finishes on the competitors, but not enough to pass up the incredible whine of the blower at full throttle. Great sound system and the ipod jack is really useful.
This car was my first purchase. I absolutely love how much room you have in the back and front seats, when compared to other similar sized cars. Also has great trunk room for storage or traveling. My Cobalt also has excellent gas mileage. It only takes $30 to fill up my tank, and lasts me for two weeks of going to school and work. I've noticed that it also has great quick acceleration that comes in handy when on the interstate. I'm definitely satisfied with my Cobalt.
I can't say enough good things about this car. Absolutely amazing, no problems, great mileage, super fun. 
Great car for the money. Designers at GM finally understand what the GenXers want in a car, and for the most part have delivered. My only tiny gripe is rear visibility, as the trunk lid is higher than what I'm used to.
I traded my 2005 Cobalt base coupe for the SS hoping for excellent performance... it delivered. This car is absolutely a blast to drive. In fact, I've had the car since September and have put 20,000 miles on it because of the fun-to-drive factor. My only complaint about the interior is lack of an armrest. Other than that, kudos. This brings the fun back to GM. I would definitely recommend or buy another Cobalt/Cobalt SS! For the money, the car delivers so much more than most of the 'premium' imports that I drove before purchasing my car.
I love my Cobalt SS/SC. I just wish I could have gotten the gunmetal rims. I don?t think it?s as fast as most like to boast, but I have driven some very fast cars before this one. The styling is nice inside and out. It?s a little difficult to get comfortable in the seats; you just can?t seem to get just the right height and such. I?m 5'9" and still can?t seem to get comfortable. The back window is next to useless because it?s so small and the wing creates a blind spot even with the lower profile wing that I got. Handles very nice. Gas mileage could be better, but what else would you expect from a supercharger.
I am 6'3" and love this car. It appears small from the outside, however the leg room is amazing. The seats are comfortable, though a little too stiff if you are making trips of 60+ miles. The gas mileage is great, 28 MPG so far. The five speed gives you a lot of control and the engine builds power all the way to the red line of 6500. GM offers performance exhaust and a stage 2 kit that will put this engine at 250+ hp. Add an after market intake and you are looking at 260+ hp in a very light car. Awesome handling, I live near the "dragon" in Tennessee and I can tear through it much quicker than I could in my old Camaro (though in fairness the Camaro did not have low profile tires).
My First car I ever bought. This car did alot of 5 hr trips to Mammoth Mountain. Also it was my commuter car... Easily hit speeds I shouldn't have been driving and very roomy. Love the fact that I could fit 6 people in there and did it often. I am still beating myself up for trading this car in for a Jetta... Ugh, the jetta blows compared to this truck!
 I have owned this truck (my First) for a few months now and love it. It was used with a little over 9000 miles on it. Very easy to get in and out of. Have the 4 cylinder model which has plenty of power for me and is good on gas. Everyone who has been in this truck comments on how smooth the ride is. There right... takes bumps and bad roads very well! Just one heck of a smooth ride.. i still am amazed to this day how nice it is. The interior is not as nice as it could be but is not that bad either. in all i am pleased with this purchase.
I have enjoyed this regular cab truck. after reading the edmunds review my resonse is this is a truck not a muscle or luxury car. I average 21 - 23 city. 25 - 27 highway with the I4. it has plenty of power. I had the bed fully loaded taking my son's stuff to Iowa from Michigan. I got 24 on the way there and 27 on the way back (empty). I have had no major issues with the truck. It is comfortable to drive and I am a big person. Plenty of leg room. 
Gas mileage is terrible, I get eleven MPG in town. The high back seat makes it near impossible to look out the back window to back up. Power seems to be sufficient and electronic traction control is great. With this gas mileage I would not recommend buying one. 
Bought the truck to haul a lightweight trailer in the summer and get around town in the cold winter months So far no problems truck hauls well, drove to Texas last winter with 50 below weather with no problem Gas mileage better than the van we had before - cruising at 110Km we get 32 miles to the gallon Installed a cap on the back to keep items dry
All in all ownership has been all that I expected and more. Gas mileage is better than I expected. Power is good for a 4 cylinder
 The back seat head rests are so big you cannot see out the back window. I have to keep the back seat folded down to have better visability. My in town mileage is 13 to 14 miles per gallon with the straight 5 cylinder engine. This really upsets me. 
I have been very satisfied with my Colorado except the service department's bloopers. They created more problems than the truck would normally of had. It has needed work but I would not trade it for any other. I get an average of 26.9 to 28.6 mpg. I guess it depends on how you drive. I do a lot of hauling with it and have pulled my 10' trailer with no problems. Going up hills, it has more power than expected and here is West Virginia that is inportant for all we have are hills. I would recomend the Colorado to anyone as a small economy truck. the tires stink and were dry rotted so be careful but they gave me new ones after 15,000 miles. 
I've done 13500 miles in this truck since new without any problems. It runs really free and has high gearing. The ride is smooth and handling and brakes are great. I can get 26 mpg if I drive easy. I'd recommend it! 
We purchased this vehicle to replace one of our Security fleet Chevy Cavaliers. Vehicle has excellent acceleration, comfort for driving and setting in. Fuel mileage is near 30 MPG in city & hwy driving combo. Have used to pull a loaded 8' trailer & didn't notice any changes except fuel mileage dropped to 24 MPG.on the hwy. As a security vehicle we have engaged in high speed chases with many different vehicles. The Colorado hasn't been out-run yet or out-performed.
I started driving this truck in 2/08, it is my company vehicle. It has as much leg room as my 07 Tundra Double Cab and rides just as good. It did way better in WI winter conditions than I expected. I regularly get 25 mpg on the highway with an aluminum cap and 300 - 500 lbs of tools and stuff in the back. It doesn't have many options, but it hasn't had a single mechanical flaw. I put 100 - 220 miles on it daily and I find the seat in my cheapee model comfortable. Seems to be a little more cabin noise than I would like, but it is so much more comfortable and roomy than S-10's. This is a standard cab with the 4 banger. People flash their brights at me a lot at night when mine aren't on
Bought truck new. Has been fine other than the lousy fuel economy. 260 miles or less per tank of fuel on the highway, so I am not sure how you others are getting such "good" mileage. Have had the Reduced Power / Check Engine warning light come on 3 times in the last month. First time they said it was a bad battery cell, the second time they asked me if it had been jumped off, to which I answered no! Now I wonder what they will blame it on. It is under warranty thank God and either it will be fixed or else. I am not happy right now and would not recommend the truck to any buyer. I had a 98 Ford Ranger that never gave me a problem. And Chevy is wondering why they are hurting? Duh!
I enjoy my 2007 Colorado Crew Cab Z-71, 4x4. I get about 18 mpg on a tank, with the 5 cyl and Automatic trans (75 - 80mph on highway). Keep in mind I have the trailer towing package and 3.73 gears which are deep. I have the limited slip rear end, so I have a "true" 4x4. I don't think 18 mpg is too bad for a truck like this. One tank I got 20+ mpg. It's solid, well build, far and away better than the S10 (which I also owned). Unlike the S10; my Colorado is comfortable enough to use for those 1,000+ mile trips. I just wish Chevrolet was bright enough to offer the diesel engine, which is available in the Isuzu 370...only in Japan; but, it is the same truck as the Colorado and Canyon.
I now have owned the truck for 9 months and have almost 11,000 miles on it. I am still very pleased with this economical, reliable everyday truck. I'm still getting 19-20 mpg in everyday driving (even when running the a/c), with 26-27 mpg on trips (at 70-75 mph, no less). The only repairs it has needed in 11,000 miles are a new driver's seat cushion (to fix loose upholstery) and a new HVAC control head (to fix a temperature knob that wouldn't go all the way). Other than those two minor things, it's been completely reliable. I'm a very satisfied owner, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the truck based on my own experience.
I replaced a 2001 GMC Highrider or ZR2 with the purchase of this Z71 4X4. Big difference in build quality between the two with the older model far exceeding the new models parts. No skid plates on new truck, rear drum brakes opposed to disc on the old model however this does get good milage and is a good everyday truck. I have taken a couple 200 mile trips and vehicle is very comfortable and capable. Time will tell how reliable this model is, old ZR2 is bullet proof and is still in the family, son drives it and is going strong with no problems at 110K miles.
Bought the truck used with 16K miles. Love the way it rides. Power is okay (has 4 banger). Brakes are noisy when cold and pulsate when hot. Fuel mileage is 23.9 hwy and 19 city. Punched it the other day, accelerator stuck wide open. Hope its not a sign of things to come. 
I adore this truck. It's my first, I've wanted one for years. It's comfortable, I love the look, the mileage is good. Just didn't expect to have it in the shop 6 times in the year I've had it. Starting issues, noisy brakes, injector issues, and computer software issues with no fix. Thank God for my warranty. Gets a little sluggish on towing, but I only own the base model. So it didn't surprise me to have to baby the brakes when I have a 950 lb load in the bed. It's rates to tow approx 4k lbs, but I wouldn't pull more than 1k with what I've got.
After 3 months, I am very happy with my new Colorado. I purchased the ext cab model with 4 cyl engine, RWD, and auto trans. I use it for commuting (mix of country and city roads) and for light hauling. Most of the time, I am alone in the truck. For the way I use the truck, it works very well. It's economical (19-20 mpg). It has enough room to carry my stuff, and my family can ride along when they need to. The truck is comfortable and very well equipped for what I paid ($16K). The only problem I've had is a loose spot in the upholstery, which was fixed under warranty. It may not be exciting or refined. But, if you're looking for an economical, reliable everyday truck, this is a good one.
I bought a new 2007 Colorado 2.9L Automatic, even after reading negative reviews. I'm a consumate Chevy fan but must say that I've had more problems with this vehicle than others. I am hoping everything that will happen, will occur during the warranty period. Had to drop the transmission, fix a blower motor, and now have a leaky roof brake light. Everything has been fixed first time. Excellent ride. eavy and smooth. Good looks and comfortable. 22mpg around town, 25 Hwy at 74 mph. The verdict is still out whether the bugs will all be worked out within original warranty. 
 Really like the truck. The looks of the truck (z71) is awesome. The 4 door has plenty of room inside and I like the interior. As for power, I think the truck gets along just fine. Why people think a truck needs to be faster than an old muscle car I'll never figure out. The ride is good for a small truck. If you hot rod it, it will suck gas. Drive it normal and it does real well. We average 22-28 mpg mixed driving. No long trips yet. The traction control is annoying. When turning into traffic from a stop on wet roads it will make the truck bog then take off. Could be dangerous. Turn it off and it does just fine. Would rather not have it. 
At less than 10000 miles reduced power and check engine light kept coming on about every two or three weeks. I called the dealership and waqs told that I would have to drive it in with thr reduced power on for them to find the problem. As I write this the truck is under the garage and will not start. Put in new battery and stil nothing. Will call dealership tomorrow and have it towed to the shop. Very disappointed in a truck that's only a year old. Never know what going to go wrong next.
I've owned this truck for several months and have nothing but good experiences, except at the pump. The ride is great, 5 cylinder runs smooth, and the transmission shifts perfectly. I'm not sure about the reviews that say this truck is underpowered compared to foreign trucks with V6's. It's a truck, not a dragster.I have no complaints on acceleration. This is a solid truck. I love the people who complain about design features, jeez, don't you look at a vehicle before you buy it.
A very enjoyable and capable truck. Bought a 3LT Z71 4X4. Gets pretty good mileage 20-22 MPG to and from work. On a road trip (2000 miles) we got 23 MPG. Plenty of power when you need it but not the fastest. Got leather seats and is comfortable. This truck is way ahead of the S10 I replaced. Bad side: Had issues with steering shaft at 500 miles. Only to find out it was a common problem (GM knew) and then had to wait due to nationwide backlog. If they knew this upfront, they should have fixed it prior to selling it. As a result I have a bad taste in my mouth about GM (and we are a GM Family). May consider another brand on next purchase. But since it has been fixed we have had no issues.
For the price, so far it seems to be a great deal. It is easy to drive, park and to put in the garage. The fuel economy on the 5 cyl is debatable but you get more power than in the 4 cyl. I would like to see at least 30 mpg not epa but real gas mileage.
Have had this model for one year. There have not been any problems thus far and to myself it is an improvement over the S-10.There are gas issues...to wit: using 87 octane will cause the engine to be stubborn or bucking as such. Using 89 octane takes care of that. But the tires are something else. The are Generals made in Mexico and they are absolute junk! I would think that Chevy Division would do something about this. No use in going the warranty route since the replacements will be of the same junk. Three of the four tires have bumps on them. Lastly, the hand-brake release needs to be better engineered since at times I have to pull, pull, and pull on the brake release handle.
Enjoy the truck, could have power,feels solid, handles well, leather seats increases comfort, seats are larger, could be more back seat room, would prefere back seat to lay flatter that would give more room.
well this is about mom and dad age 74- 76,mom had a few little problems like acid rain drops that wouldn`t come off- and she on one of her times in there (to shop) said something about the 5 speed not wanting to go into reverse...the reply was 2 peaces of paper that said--(A customer can expect a blocked reverse shift 10 in 50 attempts(1 in 5).Engineering has determined that this condition is a inherit characteristic(06-07) and should be considered NORMAL they give a procedure for getting it into reverse.1)shift into 1st gear 2)move vehicle forward 3)stop and shift to reverse.so that means you need to go into traffic to get it to reverse WRONG well i drive a stick and it (colorado) doesn`t work
I really think GM could have kept the 2.2 instead of experimenting with more engines. The 2.2 was great on fuel and performance. Yeah I know you say this new engine has more power but correct me if I'm wrong, don't but a small truck to haul with buy a half ton or more. Yeah i know I drive semis. I really enjoy the truck all the time though fun little deal
I have 2500 miles on the truck. Taken two trips totaling 800 miles getting about 25 mpg on highway and 18-20 normal driving. Pulls 3000 pound boat ok. Seems kind of small from the Z71 ext cab I bought new in 04 but traded for gas mileage and it is doing better than the 14-15 the Z got. If getting the 4cyl, go with the 5 speed if you plan to do any pulling. It will run highway speed with a load in 4th without much trouble but 5th is useless with a trailer. As far as driving empty, it has plenty of power, haven't had to take it past 5000 rpm yet when pulling or passing. Mine has the 3.73 gear ratio I think this is the best ratio as it would be turning a lot or rpms in 4th with the 4.10.
i dont know what some reviewers of this truck were driving, but it wasnt the same as mine. its a great truck with plenty of power, and a great ride.cannot find a thing to complain about. would definately recomend to anyone.
The truck has everything needed for a small family. I'm satisfied with this truck, and so far so good. Interior is not that bad, it would be nice if the rear seats are adjustable and more comfortable( maybe more cushioning).
Truck looks excellent. Acceleration is great. Been having fuel efficiency problems for the last two weeks since I took the truck in for recall of computer. Computer had to be reprogrammed because the truck would not idle upon cold start. Truck is brand new 4 cylinder automatic, but is guzzling gas like a full sized pickup. I got better gas mileage on my old V6 4x4 SUV. Dealerships are trying to make me wait thousands more miles (break-in?) before they remedy the problem. Ride is fun but bouncy. Cheap interior but still nice looking. Base seating has absolutely no adjustment worth a darn. I like the truck, I just want better gas mileage. I'm averaging 250-270 miles on a 19.6 gallon tank.
Since having the recall on the brake switch done I've have nothing but problems with my brakes locking up, ABS Faults and the dealship says it's not covered after 10k miles and that the recall did not cause it, and to fix would cost over $1500. The fuel mileage is nowhere near what they say it is Hwy 22-24 I'm lucky if i get 15- 16 and I only get 10-12 city. Thinking about trading in for a better vehicle. 
Now that I haved driven this truck for 6 months, I wanted to update my initial review of 9/24/06. Most of the rough idle and cranking problems were solved with a software update to the onboard computer module. Soon after, I had to take it back for a defective ignition switch. (Engine would die suddenly while you were driving along!) Since that first month, I have had no problems whatsoever with the vehicle. I will say that this is the first vehicle that I have ever gotten so many questionnaires about.(5 so far,I think.) Most included a new one dollar bill. Evidently a lot of people are interested in all aspects of this truck.Overall,I like this truck a lot better now than I did before.
This is a very nice truck. I got the z71 pkg, and I have to say it is the most capable 4x4 I have ever owned. That is due in part to the new Eaton G80 locker. Smooth and quiet, nice interior etc. Two thumbs up.
This is a great truck for its size. It's got enough space to fit adults in the back seat and it has a nice size bed. The engine runs well and is very reliable.
I choose this truck because the price was right, however I definitely got what I paid for. 4000 miles on it and I've had it serviced 6 times already. Doors wont close properly when it's cold, door strikers had to be replaced. Box rattled and needed parts, 4wheel drive broke and needed to be fixed, wind noise from doors... to name a few problems. Luckily it was all warranteed. Won't buy GM again.
I had an '06 CC Colorado that was a rattle box and traded it in. The build quality seems to have improved and the truck now has a more solid feel. There still is a little too much plastic on the inside, but overall this is a fun truck to drive. I can't speak to the reliability until I've had it awhile. Steering is crisp and responsive. Braking could be a little better. The interior cosmetic changes are nice too.
This would be a great truck if it was fine tuned. It needs better interior and gas mileage. The high back rear seats block your rear vision. People say the V6'S are better, but my 5 will out run the Tacoma V6 
I've owned my '07 Colorado ext. cab 2wd, LT1, 2.9L auto, for two months, so far, so good. I like the interior, dash, controls, and the perferred power accessory option.The 60-40 split front bench is comfortable, but should have a better grade of cloth covering (it's suppose to be the deluxe seat?). The 2.9L I4 has pretty good response and torque; mpg is "okay". The auto trans is very good, smooth (but firm) shifts. The build quality, and style is quite good. Overall, a solid American small truck that should service my needs well for a long time. 
It is a fuel sipping truck. It is not as heavy duty as the big trucks like the Tundra, but for the money it gets the job done for towing and picking up things when moving. I get a combined 20mpg.
Remember the cardboard and plastic Vega or Pinto from the 70s? Well they are reborn as the Chevy Colorado. Mine is the 4 door. Not even 3 months off the lot and even after the magic coating the dealership sold me a bird dropping ate through the clearcoating and the paint. The warranty isn't worth the paper its written on. This is the last chevy anyone in my family will ever own.
It has snowed every day since we bought our truck. So far no problems to report with preformance. It starts easy, runs smooth, and the 4WD has performed as it should. With gas still near $3.50 per gallon the 4 cylinder mileage is welcomed. Nothing fancy, just a good solid truck for under $20 grand.
I am experienced with the S-10 and this model is better than the older model. The frame is stronger, the handling, braking, and steering are better, and since buying it in Sep '06 I've had no problems. I will admit that the interior plastic could be firmer but I am sure the factory has reasons for the flexible plastic now used.
I traded in a 2004 Toyota Tacoma for this 2007 Colorado because I wanted to go back to Chevy trucks. Two days after I got it, the engine, when cold, cranks and dies, then idles extremely rough until it warms up. Dealership service tells me they never heard of a Colorado doing that before. Translation: "We probably can't fix that" The truck is fine bodywise and interiorwise, but in my humble opinion you might want to wait until they get all the bugs out of this new 4 cylinder powerplant.
This corvette has been a nightmare. The first thing was the top creaks when hot and has been to the shop 4 times and still not fixed. Both front sway bar links had to be replaced and the entire rack and pinion. The drivers bottom seat panel has to be replaced and the battery has been replaced. The problems just keep mounting and for a car that costs this much I would have expected better quality. 
Don?t get me wrong the car is so much fun to drive and looks great but the interior quality is very bad and does not compare to any German or Japanese cars? quality. It feels a little cheap. My friend drives a 2008 BMW M3 which is comparable to the vette in power and price but the interior quality on the beemer is much better than my corvette for the same price. Some of my interior trim is coming off and the car is still under warranty. 
This was my seventh Vette purchase. What a blast. There is no comparing this car after 20 months of ownership to any of my previous Vettes. What more can I say. I'll leave it at wow.
This is my first GM car in 25 years. It's a 2007 coupe with 6M Z51 2LT with about 14K miles. It's a dream come true. GM has really put together a great combination of performance, practicality, and efficiency. Performance in every aspect will make you forget your troubles for awhile when driving. I'm pleasantly suprised at the effecient engine compartment layout as well as the well placed traditional interior controls, right where they should be. The interior, while good, could use a few improvements. However, overall, this is a great car. Only a slight roof sqeak and a differental noise, both corrected with known fixes.
My first Corvette was a 1957 that I sold in 1979 to buy my Home. I now have a new 2007 Coupe that was worth waiting for. It looks and drives just the way I want it to. Just enough power to get in trouble with. I drive the Corvette to work in good weather. It's the best feeling to drive a car that you love, even if it's just to work. Jay Leno said it best; "if you don't like the interior, buy a nice Dinette set."
I have owned Corvettes since my first in 1974. I bought it new upon my return from Vietnam. I traded my 2004 in on this one and it is by far the best one I have owned. My next one may be the new ZR1 that just came out, but I am not sure.
I guess I can start by saying this car is my mid-life crisis car, anyway the car performs everytime time I put my foot into. It fires like a bullet, no complaints for power, but there are some other problems so beware. My vehicle has had molding on the driver & passengers side replace twice for peeling. Front windshield crack and replaced due to body stress as descibe in my documentation. Rear differential went out grining noise when backing up or going around curves. Dealer wants to add rear differential TSB-additive waste of time. My passenger door has a continous rattle in the center of the panel with very little volume on speakers. GM fix is adding foam to interior of door, doesn't work.
Reliability is not there. Electrical system drains battery so car will not start if car is left parked for more than 10 days. So many things on this car are attached to the battery--it does nothing but kill battery. Try taking this car to the airport and come back 2 weeks later and see what happens. When you're not driving for even short periods in must be plugged in to a charger. Dealer says all is working properly-- even the car manual says battery will not last more than 25 days?
Soon after I got this car something inside the door panel started to rattle. Had to go to 3 different dealer to finally get one willing to take the door panel off to fix. Squeaks/rattle all over the car when driving on rough surface. Roof when stored in trunk squeaks like mad. Window squeaks when rolled all the way up where it hits the roof. Dealer would apply some lube which works for about a week then rattle/squeaks returns and becomes worse. Get real people with 400hp the acceleration isn't much faster than a V6 Toyota Camry with 270hp. It probably is not worth to endure the noisy tire and all the poor interior. 
My 07 C6 6 speed auto coupe is now broken in. I drive it only in good weather and stow it in winter, so every time I use it is a treat. Just returned from a 1300mi road trip. It is a perfect road car for two. Very comfy, plenty of passing power when you need to leave the 18wheelers in the dust, and stores plenty of luggage, golf clubs, etc. The base version is just great. It has all of the creature comforts needed. Only problem has been some noise in the rear differential which was corrected by dealer with a TSB- recommended additive to the differential lube. If I lived in a warmer climate I'd use this car as my daily driver. It's well made and I'm proud to drive the best all-American sports car. 
Love the car. Wanted one since I was a kid. Montery Red gets loads of compliments. Not my everyday drive so everytime I get in it's special.
Great super car! I have owned 2 Porsches, 2 Caddys, 6 Marks, 1 Infinity, 6 Vettes and many others. This is the absolutely the best and greatest experience of all! Awesome acceleration, superb handling, good comfort, excellent reliability and good gas mileage. It's all I expect from a car and it's made in America.
You simply cannot go wrong. I have owned 7 Corvettes. Every model from C- 1 to C-6 are beautiful. But the ZO6 is simply one of the best cars ever made. It has stunning looks and great performance. Cannot park or drive it without people commenting on it's beauty. This car is second to none.
Love this car! The 07 replaced my 04 which I did not like. The features, handling, automatic roof,and the horsepower are the most bang for the buck. This car has been a joy to own. I drive it to work daily. The victory red color turns heads every time. Never go anywhere that I don't hear "nice car" yelled from somewhere. The gas mileage is also impressive. 
I've had a lot of different sport cars and roadsters which includes MG's to 1967 Firebird, 1972 Chevelle SS, 1967 Triump, BMW's Z-3, Z-4 and the 3 series which then led me back to machines that can perform like my Harley Davidson VRod with a few mods pushs over 120hp. Nothing even comes close to coming back to an American made quality product like the Corvette. You really need to start looking at what GM has produced its better quality than any foreign car that I've owned in the last 20 years. Chevy, you rock.
I went from a 2001 ZO6 to a 2007 coupe. The coupe's ride is signifigantly smoother than the ZO6 and I recommend the coupe as a daily driver vs ZO6. The coupe is very powerful & styling can't be beat. I receive a lot of turned heads & waives from other Vette drivers. Gasoline mileage is good not great, lots of cargo space but interior fit & finish lacking. Has been in and out of the shop for warranty issues; cigarette lighter not working - glove box open/close latch keeps breaking - cheap plastic. Removable top, although light in weight for it's size, needs two people to safely taking on-off. As a previous owner of a ZO6 I'd opt for the coupe every time as ZO6 is designed for racing.
I have owned this vehicle now for a year and have had nothing but a phenomenal experience. The car is quiet, handles superb and had the power to keep things interesting always. I ways amazed at getting 26.8 mpg on a trip back from Kentucky. Great to have an all American Sportscar available that can perform with the best of them. The storage in the back is great for road trips. No regrets on purchase of my first Corvette! 
This is my second Corvette. The first was a Yellow C5 Coupe. It was an awesome car and I loved every day I drove it. This White C6 is also a great car. I was so enamored with the extra 50hp that I didn't even notice how bad the "paddle shifters" were until I'd had it for a couple months. The six-speed auto is head and shoulders above the four-speed auto that was in my C5. But forget using the paddles. By the time it actually changes gears, the moment has passed and you forget you wanted to do something. I also preferred the C5s interior. I do love lots of the features of the C6 and in full-auto mode it's really quick. But I think I should have gotten the manual.
With out doubt, the best performance bang for the buck. Unbelievable fuel mileage from a 400 HP engine. Drove it up to Utah from So Cal, averaged 30.5 MPG over 1750 miles! No problems yet. Car is great as a daily driver, gets compliments were ever you take it. Also surprisingly easy to insure. 
I woke up one day and decided it was time to treat myself to a sports car. I went to the dealer and walked out with the Vette 1 hour later. This is by far the nicest car I ever drove. I was never a Vette person until I got behind the wheel and drove it.
It took a little time for me to get used to a car with this much power, but I really enjoy the car. The riding comfort is great. the car rides very smoothly, however it is a little noisy. However the car is not as hot rough riding as its predecessors. Interior design is not bad and there is enough storage room for most items. There are some minor things that could have been done a little differently, but they are very minor. The exterior of the car is beautiful, a true American sports car, we can all be proud of. Gas mileage is great, I get 22 in the city and 30+ on the hwy. So far, quality and reliability are very good. Only one problem which has been corrected.
I had owned and enjoyed a 2003 Z06, but the 2007 is basically the same curb weight with 100 more hp. The car must be driven with respect for its capabilities. I do 2-3 HPDE events a year with it. The coupe design allows a lot of luggage space. On a road trip of nearly 2000 miles using the AC over half the time, the car got 27.5 mpg. 
I traded a 2004 350Z on this car. I also drove a Porsche Cayman S before purchasing. The Corvette has unmatched acceleration, but is not as "toss-able" in corners as the Z or Porsche. I am very please with the car and use it as my daily driver in all seasons except the winter.
This is my 5th Corvette and, while everyone buys a Corvette for performance, this one has a great ride and gets excellent mileage. It's one year old and nearly perfect from all points of view. Museum pickup is highly recommended for the experience and perhaps better quality assurance as they thoroughly check out the vehicle.
This is my first GM product. I am a self-described Mustang nut. My last vehicle was a 2004 SVT Cobra vert Mystichrome package. I have been critical of Vettes since the late 1970s. My last Cobra impressed on me, again, how uninspired contemporary Vettes were. Then the Z06 came out. After test driving a used 2006 model, I was smitten! We bought our Z06 on June 30, 2007. I am convinced and converted from Ford "faithfulness." This is the performance car for under $100,000.00!
Incredible acceleration. Good engine sound, handles like a big go cart. Nice interior. By far, the quickest car I've ever driven, and I've driven some fast ones. Reminds me of the song, "The Best is Yet to Come-...you think you've flown before, but babe, you ain't left the ground."
After waiting 40 years to finally get the boyhood dream, I purchased an '07 Corvette only to find out the name went on before the quality went as the quality never made it. The car is great looking, runs great and is fun to drive, but the drive components and rear end are junk, whenever I turn or start out it is if I were going over bumps in the road, I took it back and the dealer simple lubed the rear end, this worked until the lube wore and the problem reappeared again. On the second trip it was found that a tech bulletin had been generated for the problem and the dealer replaced the friction pads,this didn't cure the problems.I am getting rid of it after this. No more American cars for me
The first time I drove my ZO6 Corvette i could not get over the extreme acceleration, braking and handling the ZO6 produces. The comfort and beauty of this precision machine is definetely and finally considered in my book a super sports car. Way to go Chevy!
This car will make you believe in American sports cars. As you get on to the highway shifting into second the back slips just a little and you look down doing seventy-five, and the sheer adrenaline cause your to fling it into third and push the hammer all the way down. Next thing you know your in sixth gear and didn't realize it. Seriously though the handling on this car is unreal add that with the huge powerplant and 400 hundred horsepower. I have driven a Z06, Viper SRT10, and a Masserati gransport - this car is only beaten by the Z06. If you have the extra 20K get the Z06 but if not this is an unreal mid-life crisis.
The new Corvette Z06 is the fastest car I have ever driven. Its heart stopping acceleration is astonishing! I found that the 6 speed gear box feel like it belongs in a truck. The clutch is also very hard to push and you will get a sore leg after awhile. Otherwise...I loveit! The exhaust sounds like the good old American muscle that I have been used to. Awesome brakes, handling is great, and most of all, great engine! The car turns heads because of its awsome design. My car is victory red. Red looks the best on this car. Fun car to drive. There is no car on the road that even think of racing you and your car, you look at them and laugh. The best thing is...power!
Picked up the 3LT with Z51 performance. This car is a pride and joy to own. Great curves, aggressive appeal and is a real head turner. Putting the pedal to the floor provides a thrill of excitement and gets the heart racing. Traded in an 06 350Z Roadster with a few after market performance parts and, without a doubt, the Vette blows it away in avery aspect of power, ride, handling, looks and technology. Not even sure why I bought the Z in the first place. Took a beating on the trade but well worth it.
My black ext, 2-tone red int 6-speed Vette has impressed me since the day I bought it. I'm trying to not get a speeding ticket within the first 1k miles. Fast! 0 - 60 in the blink of an eye. What other 400 hp V8 can get 28 mpg highway and 18 mpg city? This 07 Vette is handsdown a great car. Great ride and great handling with the Z51 package. A lot of nice options with the 3LT especially the HUD with a G meter. I receive compliments every where I go. Thanks to Chevy for a real American made sports car.
Great overall car. I was suprised that I could get over 20 miles a gallon on the interstate even while putting the pedal to the floor every once in a while, only runs about 1500 rpms going 90 miles per hour. Very responsive steering. Great stereo stock.
Have had the Corvette a short time but can truly say it is one of the best cars I have owned. Very agile handling,power when you need it and very comfortable car. The ride is very smooth even though it is a sports car but it can handle the curves like it is on rails. If you want a sports car that can be used everyday this is the one or keep it as a weekend car. The fit and finish is very good. All gauges are at hand with no reaching. With the large back window and excellent mirrors visibility is very good. This car is a keeper. 
When I drove this car into work for the first time, my collegues thought I had won the lottery or sold a kidney. Most people thought this car should have costed well over $100k when I paid less than $50k for a fully loaded variety. The fact that it stands out more, and severly outperforms a BMW Z4, Mercedes- Benz SLK320 and Porsche Boxter and costs the same (or even a little less) is astonishing. This car is absolutly gorgeous and I can't imagine why anyone else would possibly buy any other sports car in the $50k price range. There is nothing that car doesn't have that a $200,000 Ferrari does have. Car feels/looks incredible and the 5 year warranty gives me great peace of mind.
I've wanted a Vette since I first saw the '63 StingRay. Purchased my first; a C6 VictoryRed/Black coupe with auto6sp paddle shift, to replace a Honda S2000 convertible. The t-top was a wise choice for me, allowing the convertible experience while still allowing a quiet coupe ride and practical storage under the hatch. The 400 hp engine and 6sp paddle tranny gives plenty of power and sporty driving experience. It doesn't corner like a smaller roadster, but is a much better all around vehicle. Can store plenty of golf equipment and weekend luggage in the back, even with the t- top stowed. I find the stereo, a/c, basic seats and basic suspension to provide a very comfortable experience.
This car is awesome. GM finally did it right. Several times they have come close, but never actually did it. What do I mean by they finally did it? For the first time they have not allowed a specific price point to keep the car from becoming what it should have done many times over. The greatest American muscle car that has basically no limitations. You have to spend 200K to get a car that can even come close to the all around performance of this car. 
 I've owned my 2007 Corvette since October 13, 2006 and have had problems with the electronics in alarm system (which continue), severe problems with rattles coming from behind the dashboard due to broken welds and roof pins that were too small, and a bad shock absorber. The first repair to fix the broken weld took almost 6- weeks. After a month and less than 500 miles the rattle is back. Great looking car with substantial performance, but extremely poor quality. I wouldn't recommend anyone spend $45,000 or more for such a poor quality car which inturn leads to continue fustrations trying to get your problems resolved. To be honest I expected a higher quality car for the price I paid. 
After a Mazda 626, Nissan Sentra, Isuzu I-Mark, 280Z, Ford Mustang, Toyota Camry LE, Odyssey, and Azera, I was finally able to get my dream car, the 2007 Corvette. My better half and I thoroughly enjoy the drive, especially with the option of the targa during the endless southern CA summers! No mechanical problems, good gas mileage (about 27 mpg highway, so far), beautiful paint (machine silver), titanium interior, XM radio, and paddle shifters in sport mode! Wonderful 400HP engine purrs along at highway cruising speeds, hardly breathing hard at 1800 rpm, then roars to life in an exciting way and eats up the road when presented with a chance to sprint. Miles of smiles guaranteed!
I have had my 2007 C6 Coupe with paddle shift for a little over 2 months and have driven about 3,300 miles. The performance is exceptional. I've owned sedans from BMW (2002 and 535i), Infiniti (Q45,G35x), Mercedes 300D and Volvo S70, and sports models from Alfa Romeo And Subaru SVX, plus old time muscle cars ('66 Impala 396 and '67 Olds 442). The Corvette is by far the most powerful, best handling and most fun to drive. At $48,000 list, it is a great value. When driving sedately, it is as well behaved as a performance sedan. When you ask for speed and handling, it responds aggressively. Plus, I've been averaging a little over 21 mpg. Going to Spring Mtn Vette School next week. Can't wait!
I love this car. The performance is unbelievable. The styling is sexy. The quality is first rate. My only complaint so far is some of the plastic in the interior is not up to the rest of the car. The best.
Miles of smiles. Each and every one is so much fun to drive after my C-5 it's hard to believe. Its much improved comfort and style looks say it all.
The C5 was good, the C6 is superb, confident! Aston Martin's extreme luck in France notwithstanding, Corvette competes on a world stage: the street cars benefit directly from the race program. When it's all said and done, it's a Chevrolet: affordable; it is a practical two-seater that realizes nearly 30 miles to the gallon on the road. 
I really can't believe what a docile driving beast this car is. You could easily step out of a Honda Civic and into this car finding it so very similar. Easy to drive, easy ride quality and refinement. Then the tach reaches 3500rpms and the beast is let loose big time! I take friends for rides and never do anything outrageous until the end of the ride and they are so surprised how quiet and comfortable it is. When they feel the power like me they wonder where it came from so quickly, so brutally. It is totally up to you...drive carefully and get 27mpg or like Mario Andretti, 3.6 seconds to 60 you can do either with this "everyday driver" able supercar.
I have only had my car for a few weeks and I find myself wanting to lay on the gas more and more. It seems very manageable at lower rpm's and really gets up to go when you want it to.
This car is awesome! It's fun to drive, civil when cruising, and potent when needed or demonstrated (not needed). A great attention getter, people still turn to look. A much more civil vehicle than my 1970 454 C3 Coupe but faster and much better handling.
No other car compares to this Corvette for function, style or looks. It will run with cars that cost 3 to 7 times as much and do it more comfortably and much more fuel efficient. This car sips fuel and runs like a jet
I've had this car for 2 months and have had zero problems. This is my 4th Vette and I thought I loved my 25th anniversary C5 - but this one is superior in every way. Interior styling is a vast improvement. They finally included a decent stereo and power top. I'm a big guy so getting out is a little difficult - but I'll live with it. Plenty of head/leg room.
So far at 7000 miles, the car has been flawless. Explosive acceleration, delightful torque at any speed. The car is a red Z51 convertible 6 speed manual. This car has a dual personality. If you want to just commute normally, it's relatively quiet, smooth and docile. If you drop the hammer, it turns into an animal, loud and brash. Even frightening if you are not expecting it. Despite stiffer Z51 option, ride is firm, but not harsh, I was impressed also with the stiffness of the structure despite being a convertible. So far no rattles and a door squeak went away as weather warmed up.
Bought this car new in December. The car has 200 miles on it and devloped a power steering fluid leak. Been back to the dealer twice. Dealer replaced power steering rack/gear unit and the resivior - still leaking. 
I had all the Vettes c 1-5 and and this one will make history. If you drive one you will buy one. A little hi tech for an everyday driver, but so far no problems. 
I have owned many makes of cars, from a 260-Z to a Cadillac, including a couple of Mercedes. This is the best riding car I have owned. It gets very good gas mileage, especially for a 400 hp gorilla. I love driving it, riding in it, looking at it and touching it. I have turned the seat heater on and driven a few minutes to relieve back pain. It also relieves depression except when one writes the check to pay for it.
This is my seventh Corvette and hands down it is the best one yet. Performance is off the scale, but it is also docile enough to be your driver. See you on Route 66.
Great exhaust sound. Excellent seats. Smooth clutch. The heads up display (hud) is great. 
Decided to buy the base model because it is more comfortable and actually faster with six speed. Luxury or high performance at the blip of a throttle. C6 is much better than C5 and the build quality is fantastic. First trip 25mph and now 19 in city...wow. I like the fact that base wheels are easier to clean and look great at all angles. This is the most surprising vehicle I have ever owned and I have had them all (Porsche, MB, etc). 400 horsepower sure makes smiles happen quickly..
It is absolutly the greatest experience in the world for me to be able to own and drive the only hand built American sports car left. Its style, comfort, and yes even economy is just out of this world. Thanks Chevrolet for building a sports car that is above the rest.
This is my 10th Corvette and General Motors finally has done it. No more water washes the speakers when you open the trunk, That problem power antenna is gone. And every thing I used to have to add on is already there. Ie. Nice stereo that's loud enough and amplifiers amd mp3. This has it all and its darn nice.
This is my first Corvette and I'm very impressed. I looked at several cars and the Corvette, in my opinion, is the best value for the money. It's fun to drive and reliable. Impressive acceleration, surprisingly smooth ride, comfortable/roomy interior, and great design. I strongly recommend this car.
Updated All American look returns. Light years better in most depts. than C4-C5's. Well balanced design, performance and handling. If they'd only cure RF tire noise on concrete freeways. Retains a hint of earlier crude front suspension feedback on rough streets. Needs a hair more suspension travel. Good interior styling and (almost) quality look. GM had to include a cheesy painted plastic panel on forward console and climate/radio controls. Ltd leg room for over 6' 2" drivers, needs 3 more inches there. 6 spd auto allows broad power choice, just keep revs over 2K. After 6K mi. I've noticed occasional clunks shifting into R and occ sloppy/slow shifting in D or S. Must be the DBW. 
This is a great car. An amazing ride. One of the best Vettes yet. The sleek interior design and ultimate performance makes it one of the best 
I rarely drive my Corvette daily, but I drive it on the weekends around the city. The driving experience is absolutely refreshing, because the engine has so much torque available at any speed. The seats are comfortable along with the close proximity of the user controls which make drving the car more pleasureble. The most impressive feat of the Corvette is its ability to give very good highway miles per gallons in parallel with an engine that put creates 400HP. I would recommend this car to anyone looking for a solid Amreican-made sports car.
I will totally surprised at the ride. My wife's first words about Corvettes is that they rode rough. I was thoroughly surprised and please with the ride and really surprised how well the car handled.
This is my first performance car and I must say I am impressed. Everything about is so well built and designed, GM really takes pride in their Corvettes. The best part is how versitile this car is, comfortable yet functional, fast but controlable. I have the Z51 suspension and I have taken turns at 3X the speed limit with the car still holding stong. Though it can be driven year round if you live in the northern climates like I, I'd recomend a winter beater. The run flats get very slippery in colder temps, I have not driven the car in rain or snow but im told it holds it's own. The car has just amazing, If you can buy one. 
For the money these cars cost, they provide an incredible value for the performance car buyer. It has amazing acceleration, corners like it is on rails, gets 30MPG on the highway, has no rattles or squeeks, has great visual impact, has a very comfortable ride and seats, lots of gee-whiz technology like a head up display, and is just a very rock solid car. 
This is the fastest stock production car I have ever driven off the vendor lot and the most fun. I have had Porsches, Ferarri, and various old muscle cars which just do not compare to the overall power plus daily fun to drive performance of this car. I keep reading about plastics, cheap interior, doesn't compare to Porsches, Ferarris, Lambos, etc. Give me a break! It's half the price or less! There is no other car I have owned which comes close to what this car can do for the money spent. This really is the car with the best bang for the buck. I would purchase another if I did not have to wait another 10 months again just to pay premium over MRSP.
Just bought this car 2 months ago and now have 800 miles. This car is everything you have read about it. Excellent performance, accleration, comfort, and economical for a sports car. Name another 400hp car that gets 28 mpg on the highway, 0-60 in under 5 seconds, and is very comfortable as a daily driver and on the highway. Monterey Red with cashmere interior and polished aluminun wheels looks great! I got the 6-speed which is a blast to drive. XM radio with Bose stereo sound great as well. Rear luggage can easily stow 2 sets of golf clubs with room for the removable top. Very quiet on the highway on most surfaces. The run flat tires are a bit noisy on concrete.
This is the 23rd Corvette I have owned. I did not trade my Red 2002 Z06 as it only has 6000 miles on it since I bought it new. I like the old hardtop style and I wish the 2007 had the same roofline as the '02. The '07 is way smoother to drive and does not show any kind of raw power until you want it to. I have never had a Corvette like this one. A real sleeper. My wife would never know what it was capable of. It is a pure rocket ship, but much more predictable than the '02, which is a 'twitchy' ride. The new one is so different it's hard to describe. Awesome sound system and navigation system. Rides and steers like it's on railroad tracks and stops instantly. The raw pulling power is brutal!
Have less than 300 miles on it so far. Love it just as much as my 1981 Corvette I owned many years ago.
Owned a 1993 Corvette and I really liked it. The ride was a little harsh but it was fun to drive. I never liked the style after 1996. When the C6 cam out I went to look at them and I liked the style and the horsepower.The interior was better,with better design. After 2 years of research I decided to buy my 2007 Corvette. I glad that I did. After owning it 5 months, I feel that I can say that the ride is smooth,its like driving a regular car. The only options that I order were the chrome wheels,3LT,automatic trans and monterey red. If you really enjoy a well built and fast sports car this is it. Make sure you take it for a test ride before purchasing. ,
I have owned 8 Vettes over the years and this is the hottest yet. It is improved compared with my '04. I was not sure if I would like the headlight treatment but now think it was an improvement. The car is quick, nimble and a joy to drive. 
I was not until recently a big Corvette fan. But I have changed my mind after owning the Z06 for the last month. It is the fastest car I have ever driven, even faster than the Lamborghini Gallardo ($200g's) a friend brought by to compare to the Z06. The handling is superb and for normal driving it is very comfortable. Everything about the car says quality. Large multi-piston brakes, advanced electronic traction control, design and attention to detail. The Goodyear Eagle Runflats stick to the road like they are part of it. The gearbox seems a little heavy but I haven't missed a shift and the throw is short and fast. I have never had a car that attracts so much attention. A great car.
Picked the car up two days ago, replacing my '03 Z06 that I thought couldn't be matched. This car is far beyond words. The power is absolutely intoxicating,and its stance is without equal. Sure, I could've bought a Porsche or Ferrari. If I had, I really would have hated to get "spanked" by a dude in his Z06. Thankfully, I get to avoid that distasteful experience and do the spanking myself. This is definitely the "Heartbeat of America!"
What a nice car overall! The build quality is on par with my wife's MB SLK. Interior could be a little nicer as there's too much plastic. I ordered the magnetic suspension which should be on all these. The satellite nav is a must as it adds a touch of luxury to an otherwise plain-jane dashboard. GM really needs to fix this on a $65K car. 
 I was never a Corvette fan, until the arrival of the C6. The new covered head lights, and smaller cleaner looks caught my eye, along with a more reasonable price tag than other cars I was considering. I could not be more happy with this car. It rides better than my friend's Carrera S at half the price. The engine pulls from a 1000 rpm's in any gear. Phenomenol braking and superb handling, and it looks right at home next to Gallardos and F430s. The overall fun for the money factor of this car is unequaled. America has arrived at the party. This vehicle is finally a world class competitor in the sports car arena.
I traded my C5 convertible for a C6 coupe after a visit to the assembly plant in Bowling Green. We saw the plant on Monday, I was behind the wheel Tuesday afternoon. The ride is improved over the C5, which was pretty good already. Apply throttle and prepare to launch. The controls are easy to use. Fit and finish are impressive. We bought every option possible and enjoy each one of them. My hardest decision each day is to pick between the painted roof or the tinted one. What the heck, some days we go topless.
Quieter and tighter than our '03 anniversary convertible. Excellent fuel mileage. I like driving the '03 better than the '07. The '07 was a replacement for my wife's '03 Mini Cooper. She really liked the '03, so bought her an '07 which she really loves. The navigaton system is worth every penny as is XM radio. We like the upgraded two-tone leather. All we can say is we own two and would buy another in a minute. We bought the '07 because our '03 has been totally problem free. We are very satisfied owners.
The car is the best Vette I have ever owned. There is not one thing I would change, except I would like to be able to purchase the Z06 as a rag top, my perfect Corvette. I bought it to drive, and I drive it daily. A world class sports car is here, and it is a great value for the price.
I was pleasantly suprised by how good a daily driver this car is. I was expecting the ride to be rough and loud but in fact it is quite liveable. The interior is not quite up to par when compared to a Porsche, but it's good enough. The engine is insane and so above and beyond what you need. There is so much torque availabe even when the revs are are on the low end which makes it alot more flexible their foreign counterparts. Steering isn't quite as nible as I would like but still is quite good. Overall, I enjoy driving this car more than my previous car (996 Porsche). Be sure to get a CAGS eliminator installed that allows you to bypass the 1st to 4th shift gas saving mode.
Just picked up my 2007 C6 and could not be happier. Excellent performance and ride quality. I was impressed that the car rides smooth and comfortable for a sports car. The 2007 C6 is fun to drive and is responsive. With 400 HP, excellent design and improved interior, the 2007 C6 is the best dollar value for those interested in making a serious sports car purchase. The vehicle continues to impress me every time I drive it. When purchasing this vehicle I would suggest purchasing the 3LT and Z51 Packages to enhance ride quality and performance. Excellent sports car, you wont be dissappointed, and wait to you hit the open road.
This is my 6th Vette including 3 C6s in the last 2 years. My Vettes have always been my daily driver. I have owned Porches, Infinity, Lincoln, Cadillac and other find automobiles during my forty plus years of car ownership. This is the most exciting auto experience of all my dealings. The performance is unbelievable. The reliably of my last four Vettes has been perfect with absolutely not one warranty issue and zero for this one now in it's second month and 2200 miles. A perfect and most rewarding experience!
The car is just awesome! Great acceleration. I haven't received numerous positive comments in the one month that I have owned the car. LeMans Blue, Cashmere Interior, 3LT (not a cheap option but it does have numerous aspects included), and polished aluminum wheels. The wheels really set the car off. It is beautiful. Good ride. Not a daily driver for me but it could be used for such. Great mileage for a 400HP car. Just a truly fun car to drive! I looked at numerous options including Porsche Boxster and Honda 2000 before deciding on the Corvette. No regrets on my choice. I have had the car for almost 4 weeks and 600 miles. Great car!
I picked up the car and drove it 350 miles back home. I was very suprised how quiet and comfortable the car was. The performance is out of this world. The car pulls so hard and builds speed so quickly. It has a suprisingly comfortable ride. I have owned many sports cars and this not only was the greatest value, but the greatest all around car. 
C6, 3LT, chrome wheels, paddle shift, Monterey red, Nav. Life is good! The interior and exterior are excellent. Build quality is much better than I had expected from previous reviews. Got the cashmere interior and Lloyd floor and trunk mats. After 40 years (65 Stingray) and a couple dozen new cars, it is good to be back in a Corvette that drives and rides as good as my last Lexus LS430 and prior to that SC430. Speed, style and comfort.
Just took delivery of an '07 coupe, Lemans Blue, casmere interior, LT3, chrome wheels, magnetic suspension and NAV system. My first Vette, never had a sports car before so I can't compare it. I am still in shock that I have it, only 300 mi. in two days, no problems yet. It is everything and more that I hoped for. Interior is fantastic and comfy, the leather sport seats are excellent. The car is so classy without being in your face. I already have had so many strangers both young, old, male and female comment and want to know about it. It blows my mind. I don't know if they upgraded the quality of the interior for '07, but it looks and feels first class to me. Buy one, you won't regret it.
Absolutely the best bang for your buck. Considering the fact its competetion are thousands away. Porsche and Dodge are still great cars, but for all it is worth the Vette Z06 is the true American Sports Car. A legend still adding rights!
We bought our 2007 Equinox brand new, noticed a smell and inside windows kept fogging up this summer. Found that our carpet in the back was completely soaked with water. By the time we found the issue, our carpets had a black mold on them. I have a small child who is a severe asthmatic and I feel this is a safety issue. Our Equinox is currently back at the dealership for recurrent leaks. So far the dealership can't figure out the source of the leak, so AGAIN I am in limbo, renting a car, hopefully it won't take 6 weeks, like the first time.
I love the exterior my 2007 Equinox. XM radio is a great feature. However interior is full of issues. Heated seats work intermittently. Don't wait until winter to try them. You might be out in the cold. This feature isn't for the duration of the 5 yr, 100,000 mile warranty. Check them throughout the year even in the summer. Right passenger airbag sensor doesn't always work. GM recall for this. Driver side seat mechanism didn't work once for 2 days. Took it to dealership to fix. Chrome center panel reflects sun causing blinding glare when driving. Remember some things are only under warranty for 2 years so don't delay taking your car in for repairs. Make sure it's in computer system everytime
I bought the car when i was pregnant. The headrest is a vision blocker when trying to look in the blind spots(the tiny windows in the back) The seats are now as hard as bleachers think it's causing my back problems. The plastic dash board and steering wheel are So hard to clean. Not to mention that the trim around the shifter is a huge chrome piece that of course the sun hits and blinds you while you are driving. This could cause an accident. Bought brand new in '07' still haven't reached the gas mileage that it's supposed to be getting and i do a lot of highway driving, when bought it got 16MPGs, now only at 18.3MPGs. HHMM! Sound system?? WHAT HAPPENED!!! 
I was looking for a small SUV for quite awhile. I had my mind set on a Mitsubishi Outlander but during my test drives, I tried a 2006 Equinox and was impressed with the handling. I disliked the interior of the 2006, so I tried the 2007. I was impressed with the interior upgrades (new for that year) and the $ was right! The cabin is extremely quiet, the engine (3.4 V6) is adequate for size of the vehicle. The steering does feel somewhat numb-it wasn't a deal breaker for me. The back seat is VERY roomy and slides back & forth - convenient for parents with little ones or if you need additional cargo room without putting the seats down. I feel I got alot for my $ - so far!
I purchased this car after driving a Focus for 9 years. I had it for 5 days and then it rained. I thought I WAS IN A BATHTUB. It has been at the dealer for over a week waiting for parts to come in. I think I know why I got such a good deal. Hopefully it floats.....
We bought it because our family was growing and we needed a little extra room for the family car. We've been really pleased with how well its done so far. We recently took a roadtrip to the mountains and I averaged 28 MPG with the AC on. Usually I get 21-22 in the city. Just a few downsides. So far, we are pleased with the purchase. 
The Equinox fits my lifestyle perfectly right now. It's very easy to drive and park. It has plenty of room for people or gear. Tows my boat or trailer. Has great traction with the AWD. I love it.
I have to admit, this is a nice looking vehicle but UNRELIABLE. This is my daughter's car and there have been 5+ times the vehicle would not start. The key would even get stuck in the ignition. Unfortunately, recently, we have found out this is not uncommon. Our dealership service dept is great but can't find out what the problem is, although they have done some repairs. Also headlight has blown twice. Definitely a cheap feeling vehicle to match the price, does accelerate well. I have had 3 trailblazers and there is no comparison. Would not downgrade that far. The ride is comparable to the Ford Escort. The equinox is a disposable vehicle. Come on Chevy, you gotta beef it up. 
Purchased the LT3 design with all the bells and whistles. Traded a blazer for it. This vehicle is the most comfortable car Ive ever driven. Very spacious. You minivan mom's out there should consider the Equinox. The remote start is the bomb. Not to mention the On Star hands free mobile phone feature. A definite recommendation for those looking to buy.
I purchased this vehicle 1 year ago and it has been great! I drove 4200 mile this winter on a road trip and got great mileage (22.5 overall), had more than enough room for all my luggage, Christmas gifts and a chair that I delivered along the way! Very comfortable ride and it fits my husband with room to spare. Minor issue with climate control system, fixed by dealer.
I purchased this vehicle used. I have had the vehicle a week and it is great. I read everything I could before purchasing. This is the most confortable ride I have ever been in, it is fun to drive. In the week since I got it we have had almost 9 inches of snow. It handles great! I highly recommend this vehicle. I can't say enough.
It took some getting used to but the car is very comfortable, performs as well as to be expected for an SUV. Braking is not as tight at my previous car and the air conditioning is not as cold. I like being able to sit high. The radio XM is great sound and the memory is a definite highlight. But the most impressive is the reminders of fuel and oil changes(super).
I've owner over 30 cars and don't give praises lightly, however, I have been very happy with this vehicle. I traded in an '05 Trailblazer because it was woefully underpowered, but have been extremely pleased by the pep in my Equinox. The 6 cyl. is more than enough power. When I park next to the Lexus Crossover, I have trouble telling them apart and cannot for the life of me imagine what features I am missing for an additional $20k. My Equinox is fully loaded and with the OnStar GPS system, the vehicle has everything I could need. It drives great on the highway where I average over 24 MPG, and get around 22 MPG around town. I strongly recommend it to anyone who asks.
This car has been problem free for the last 22 months I have owned it. For the price I think there is no better riding small to mid-sized SUV on the market. I?ve had gas mileage up to 26 on a mixed driving. Quiet and smooth ride. The AWD works well on snow and ice. It is well worth the 28k I paid. Only complaint is no overhead grab bars. For those who think GM can?t make a car, please go out and drive one.
I bought the Equinox brand new with 0 miles in Feb 07- coming up on 2 yrs of owning it I still have mixed feelings. It handles horribly in the snow, even with the AWD feature. Its been extremely reliable other than 2 factory recalls (winshield & airbag) the stereo isnt that great, buttons are breaking off, engine knocks even w/ regular oil changes. It has a hard time getting up steep country hills. Very sleek vehicle. Its black. Decent gas milage. Needs a bigger trunk and the hatch is heavy and slow to open. Its ok for now but I'm already looking at buying something else for winter. Its good for summer driving. I wouldnt purchase another. I think its too costly for the quality of it. 
Overall I am well satisfied with my Equinox having owned it for over a year. Have had no mechanical problems yet. Very comfortable and good on long road trips. Gas mileage good on highway-not so good around town. 17 inch Bridgestone tires will hydroplane in a heartbeat in heavy rain. Scary! Interior planning could be better. Rear seat doesn't fold flat and front cupholder interferes with hand brake. Rear cargo curtain is a joke. Don't waste your money buying it. Decent vehicle so far, but still not the quality of my 2000 Volvo. Detroit still can't get it right. 
Great vehicle for the money. Ours is fully loaded and we love it. Lots of room and good mileage.
May 2008 has just been a year from the purchase of my truck. It is great! Very roomy in the inside and a lot of lerg room in the back seat. Lots of cargo space. It doesn't seem that big from the outside but when you get in, it's big. It was enough room for a third row in the back. I love my truck and thank God he blessed me with it and it was brand new with 0 miles when I purchased it. It's just a gas guzzler to me.
 This car has really give us the room and quality he says you can only expect in a Chevy. Leg room in the back seat is excellent. He's an insurance claims adjuster and the cargo area has on the space he will need for the mounds of paperwork and file systems he has. And vacations are easy to load up for in this car. I guess you can tell my favorite feature is the room.
I bought the car when changing positions to sales from engineering. I work for a company that builds light-weight campers and I needed something that would pull up to 3500#. The Equinox does a great job and my gas mileage is very impressive. It is a great looking vehicle with somewhat futuristic looks and it compliments the unusual campers we build. Without having any trailering experience to speak of, I have successfully navigated over 10,000 miles with ease. On one of my trips I left 11:30 at night in a storm with 2" of snow already on the ground while towing a 1600# camper. The traction control was awesome even through the winding mountainous back roads of Western Pennsylvania. 
Have owned the Equinox for 6 months now and all in all is a great value. We purchased an '07 1LT with the 17" chrome wheels, which make it look great. I like the sporty look, ride and handling, but, im not that impressed with the gas mileage, I get the same mileage with a 2000 grand cherokee as this. I also hate the recessed windshield, it is a pain in the rear to brush snow off, my hood is scratched and chipped after one winter. 
Okay, so let's start off by saying I owned a 2002 Dodge Neon before this, yuck! It was my boyfriend's he loved it but wanted bigger so I got a hand me down this cars a year old with a little over 13,000 miles on it! I love it drives smooth runs great looks great and is better on gas then my Neon was. My sister owns one and she loves it. My boyfriends co worker has one loves it. If your looking for a spacious reliable SUV this is it! Excellent buy. It's worth every penny I bought it for!
I had to get a new car when my old one got totaled. I knew I wanted a SUV but i didn't know what. I found my car I took it on 2 test drives, and I fell in love with it. I love how high it sits up im short so that makes a big difference. When it's time to get another vehice it will definitely be looking for another Equinox. I also like how well priced they are!
This is a totally under-rated and ignored crossover. Easily the best vehicle I have ever owned. Versatility unmatched by any other competing small SUV. The Edmunds review of the Equinox is more favorable than most. The highest praise I can give is that very soon our '07 LT will be joined in the garage by an '08 Sport.
We were forced to purchase a new car after the Jeep dealer ruined our 05 Jeep Liberty. We really did not want to be in the market for a car and yet here we were. We began my search in the beginning of September and wanted to get a year end deal on a 2007 model. After reviewing a number of models, we settled on the Pontiac Torrent. Although, this was the first choice, we gravitated to the Equinox as we could not find a Torrent with the equipment desired. However, if we could have assembled the car ourselves we would have put the Torrent front on the Equinox rear. Since purchased we put on about 4,400 trouble free miles. We have not had to take the car back for any adjustments or correc
Looked for a long time before settling on the Nox. Thought I wanted a car after driving a 2 WD pickup for 10 years. Took the Nox for a spin on a whim one day and was surprised by the ride and how quiet it was. Found this one at a rental outlet with 20K on it and I've put on 2K. So far its been reliable and very comfortable on my 25 mile commute. There have been a couple of snowy, icy days here in CO that I have been very glad to have the AWD, it handles great in the snow. Not happy with the mileage, averaging 20 or so in mixed highway/city.
We traded in a 2001 Cadillac Deville on our Equinox. We love the room you have when you fold down the back seats. Great on trips. the Pioneer sound system is awesome! It is very quick for a six cylinder. Handles great and is fun to drive. We don't regret giving up Caddy because the Equinox is just as comfortable. Last thing, the heated seats are a must for the North Central part of the country, you will not regret it! I would definitly buy another Equinox. 
This is my first SUV-AWD. I looked at the Ford Escape, CRV, RAV4 and Torrent. The Equinox was far better both in looks and in value. Way better looking! Pretty and sporty! The Torrent was nice looking too, but what about that name? Anyway Equinox is a great car. Really comfortable and just feels good on my back and neck and overall posture when I'm driving. Perfect height to get in & out of - don't have to climb in like a full size 4x4, or drop down into like a car. Had "check engine" light issues when I first got the car. It took three trips to the dealer but they finally got it right - the gas cap was a bad fit so if you have the same issue get that cap checked out right away. 
I love my Equinox. It's a nice size SUV, not too small, not too big. I like the way it handles, rides, drives, and looks. Plenty of room for shopping and hauling everything I need. Sporty enough not to look like an old ladies car. I liked the warranty and all the features like the computer readouts on tire pressure, gas milage, so forth. I thought about a Toyota but wanted to go with American made
Traded a 2002 super charged Grand Prix. Miss the power surge & heads-up display but I love this vehicle. It drives like a car. Wish it would get better mileage, but I sit up higher, love the handling, and really love the drive and design.
One of the best values in the industry! Not one visit back to dealership for warranty repairs (after 6 months). Tons of room for family of 4. Last two vehicles have been imports, won't go back.As good or better quality with GM, and for thousands less. Friends own a 2005 and 2006 Equinox, neither have had a warranty repair to date. Like this vehicle more now than when I bought it.
I rented this car first and then when t went to auction with 16,000 miles on it I bought it and it's the best driving and handling vehicle ever. Including Toyota and Fords. I've had both the 4Runner and the Explorer. No comparison. I wish I would have invested in the leather seats though for more comfort. I'm just attracted to the leather and feel it's easier to maintain.
Forget the over priced Toyota or the Edge with all that windshield glare - I am truly happy to own this Chevy Equinox. Love the tinted windows and sunroof. I actually like it better now, than the day I bought it with some reservations - Those reservations are long gone. Zero warranty work needed so far. I like a well built dependable ride. 
Rented this one as a replacement for my truck. Ride is comfortable, handles nice, with sufficient acceleration to get onto busy California freeways! I didn't like the parking brake location (hard to reach when engaged), and the fact that the rear seat does not fold down even with the back floor (made it hard to put large objects inside) Overall, not a vehicle I could live with long term.
Bought it for my wife, and we love it! It has a nice ride, spacious, quiet, and looks great (we got it loaded in black with 17" shiny rims).
I've heard a lot of negative comments about previous year models, but I've had no problems with my Equinox. It's roomy, but not to big to manuever. Back seat is great. Great options and decent gas mileage.
Both my husband and I drive approx 600 each week. So we each wanted a low cost vehicle with decent gas mileage and comfort. We found this in the Equinox so we bought two. I traded in my 2005 outback on the two vehicles. Although, the subaru is a real fun car to drive, it was not comfortable. The Equinox is comfort almost as fun to drive and gets good gas mileage. I'd recommend this vehicle for a young family or older folk, like me, with not so a pliable body but wants the best buy for the money. GM has a hit with this vehicle.
I gave up my Pontiac Montana with some hesitation. But the purchase of this car was a wonderful choice. It rides well, it is comfortable and sporty looking. I am a plus size woman and the comfort for me is wonderful. The only thing is I continue to get confused with the window controls not being on the doors. Otherwise a great car for the money.
I have been driving for 40 years and had about as many cars and trucks in that time with this being my first SUV. The closest thing I owned previous was a Chevy van with the same engine which is one reason I knew I would like it. The engine is powerful yet delivers great mileage for a vehicle of this size. Running it hard around a major city shows close to 19 MPG with highway running 70-75 mph 24 MPG. Thanks to the 5 Speed. The ride is what I really enjoy, smooth, real smooth and quiet. I bought it for the Pittsburgh winters and long commute I make into the snow belt north of here plus the space to carry my wife's wheelchair with room left for other passengers which it does with ease.
I recently went out and traded in my Trailblazer SS for a new Equinox and I am very impressed. The gas mileage in this thing is phenominal for an SUV (that's not a hybrid). I travel a lot for work so I have had many chances to get a feel for it and I really like it. My wife also likes it. The ride is very comfortable and is almost ideal for long trips. For those of you who like to ride high but also want good gas mileage and a comfortable ride, this is the one for you! I wish I would have got the AWD but my gas mileage would have suffered. Also 17" rims are very nice a attractive!
I just leased a 2007 Equinox LT FWD the end of May. I love it! So easy to handle, very comfortable, and great on gas mileage for a V6.
We looked at many SUV's and always came back to the Equinox. We purchased an AWD with 3LT pkg. With the chrome clad wheels and leather, everyone thinks we paid thousands more. It is my wife's car and just the right size to get around in. She feels very safe and secure in it. The AWD worked well in our Minnesota winter and the stability control took over when I tried to spin out. We also have a great local dealer. 
The Chevy Equinox has been a dream come true for our family. The interior roominess of this compact SUV was the major selling point for us. We love the ride of this vehicle too.
Well I purchased this vehicle for my Mother for a Mother's Day gift. My Mother wanted this vehicle since 2005. However the 2007 model was the best to buy yet. The StabiliTrak? is standard on the 2007 model which is great for handling the vehicle on highway ramps and other tight turns. My Mother has said that it drives very smoothly and has great handling with the StabiliTrak? feature. However my Mother has complained about the wide turns and the location of the hand brake. Otherwise it's a great investment.
I am a first time SUV owner. I test drove the Toyota Rav4, Ford Escape and Honda CVR. This was the most car for the money. Lots of safety features and the driver's information center is very useful. Have had lots of compliments on the style of this vehicle. I would recommend it without hesitation.
I bought my Equinox just two months ago. I have a horrible experience with it so far. Just after two months (3000km) loud noise appeared in drive side front wheel bearing. It's high pitched humming noise, very loud and unbearable after just cuple minutes of driving. Even more frustrating was dealing with GM warranty service. They did't have bearing assembly to replace, it had to be ordered and I'm still awaiting for it (3 weeks passed already). GM doesn't provide replacement car and I have to drive Equinox with faulty bearing. It is become a torture - noise getting more and more unbearable. I had to cancel my travel plans, limit my driving to minimum. Fuel consumption is very high - horrible 
Traded in a 2004 Nissan Xterra for the 2007 Equinox. The Equinox has much more interior room both in the front and rear seat and being over 6 foot tall I was surprised by the rear seat leg room. The ride is smooth and comfortable and compares favorably to my Nissan Altima. The gas mileage has been as advertised. It has so much more get up and go compared to the Xterra.
This SUV shouldn't be in a class with the Ford Escape and smaller SUVs. It's remarkably spacious, it looks great, and there's so many options you can get. I got the base model, added great leather, dark tint, remote start, bluetooth, and rims. I liked it this way so I would only pay for what I wanted. First ever SUV and I'm loving it.
This SUV shouldn't be in a class with the Ford Escape and smaller SUVs. It's remarkably spacious, it looks great, and there's so many options you can get. I got the base model, added great leather, dark tint, remote start, bluetooth, and rims. I liked it this way so I would only pay for what I wanted. First ever SUV and I'm loving it.
Bought this vehicle after test driving the Saturn Vue. It has more interior space and looks better. This SUV rides excellent, as we just got back from a trip from SC to Florida, where we got 25 mpg on the highway and are getting about 21.5 combined. This car handles very well and my wife loves it.
This SUV is fun to drive. Came out of a Ford Escape XLT 3.0 liter lease and was looking at another one when we test drove the Equinox to the Ford Dealer. My wife drives this 99% of the time. She fell in love with this SUV. Did a ton of research on the Equinox and got great feedback from others who have them. Saved some money by going with front wheel drive only as I was told it is good in the snow and has been in one snow storm and one ice storm. I drove it for about 2.5 hours before purchase and liked the ride and less interior road noise then the Escape. One bad note wife said brakes felt weird. Took it to dealer and rotors needed to be replaced along with new transmitter fobs. 
I like the Chevy Equinox. We looked for a croosover for a few months. We came close to purchasing a Jeep Compass but a friend who had purchased a 2006 Equinox turned me on to the idea of purchasing one. I am glad we got the Equinox since it sits 4 inches higher than a Compass. If you are looking for an American made crossover then this is one to get. It has a smooth ride with lots of power. I recommend the LT over the LS as GM put a lot of plastic into the interior. But plastic is easy to clean and cheap to replace. 
The Equinox is a fun, fuel efficient SUV. Not only does it look great, it handles well in bad weather and it has a nice weight to it. The power window switches are in the center console, which would be the only design I would change. Overall, it is a great value and I would recommend it to anyone purchasing an SUV for the first time.
The Equinox is a fun, fuel efficient SUV. Not only does it look great, it handles well in bad weather and it has a nice weight to it. The power window switches are in the center console, which would be the only design I would change. Overall, it is a great value and I would recommend it to anyone purchasing an SUV for the first time.
Bought this 2007 as an extra car. I am really pleased with the purchase. This Chevrolet is well engineered and very quiet and comfortable. The engine torque is down low, which makes city driving enjoyable. Good value for the money in my opinion.
The ride is very smooth. It is a real SUV, not like some car based crossovers. Engine is just right, fast acceleration. The interior is improved a lot comparing to previous Equinox.
Really spacious and comfortable. Engine has plenty of power and does decent on gas mileage. I enjoy driving it, very smooth and handles very well. I would recommend it over the Rav 4 or the Ford Escape. It has more power and is a much better ride. One bad note: the transmitter for the doorlocks went out the first week we had it.
A fun to drive vehicle. Good performance, excellent road holding, and good steering mechanasim
After driving a large SUV, I was very impressed with the handling of this much smaller one. I drive a lot of rough, country roads, and the handling around potholes and gravel roads was impressive, as well as the comfort on the interstate. I was shocked with the quality of the interior, and the attractive look of the exterior. What a great little suv for a reasonable price. I test drove several other small suv's, and this one outranked them all by a long shot. 
I love the drive and feel of this car. Compared it with others such as the RAV4,CRV etc and you can't beat the value. It is not quite as refined as the CRV on the inside, but boy does it out perform it.
This is just a beautiful SUV. We just purchased and are still in honeymoon phase. It drives smoothly, compared to our full size trucks and seems to have all the bells and whistles that we hoped for. This is beautiful - everyone at work is jealous. Go ahead and do it, upgrade and get the leather interior. It's totally worth it.
Front end probs fixed twice. First front weheel drive vehicle in a while. 
Fun to drive. We drove over 300 miles home for Christmas and had two dogs, all of our luggage, and about 20 presents and everything fit with room to spare. It has the smoothest ride and easiest handling of anything I've driven
This is the first time I have driven a vehicle so agile and fun to drive. It looks great in black and catches attention wherever I go. Visability is good too, since stand is a bit higher than others. Very adjustable seats make it extremely comfortable on trips. The youthful look first caught my attention, but driving it sold me. The value for what you get is worth it. I would recommend it to baby boomers who do not want to drive around in some old man's Buick or Caddy. My vehicle has the LT package with Pioneer sound system. This adds enough high end quality that is only available on expensive SUV,s. Handling is very predictable and my wife raves about how it is her very favorite.
Love the style features and performance. However Chevy could have done a few things better. No individual reading lights, all lights must be on to read in the back. No mirror lights or lighted sunvisor mirrors. Power seat switch poorly located between seat and door. Only have 2000 miles on it but find fuel economy somewhat low, possibly not broken in yet. When in the front passenger seat the roof pillar doesn't allow me to lean to the right or rest my arm on the door. 
We got rid of my wife's "fun car" '05 Mustang and got the Equinox and we both actually like to drive the Equinox better. At its price point, it has to be one of the best small SUV's on the market!
Fuel economy not as good at 17 - 21, as I had hoped, but better than a Hemi or Silverado, or larger SUV. With gas at $2,50 a gallon, $45 fills her up. Larger gas tank. The designers made some bad choices in the interior, as ashtray is optional in a choice with cup holder, which is attached to the middle fold down arm glove compartment which all in all is just not a great design. Every car should have standard ashtray. Cup holders on an extended arm just asks for drinks to wiggle, shake and spill. The center tray bottom gets dirty quickly and is hard to clean. And the seats and the covering comfy but better scotch, I have the gray metallic, gets dirty easy. Larger visors, better sound.
it is, so far, the best vehicle for the money I've ever bought. The handling, ride and interior space is second to none, it looks great, like something costing twice the money. GM did it right with this one.
This model is much better than its competition. We tried all of them and were not impressed. The 2007 is far better than the 2006 model, they hardly compare. The price is also great, with the incentives out there now it makes it even more attractive. 
I enjoy getting behind the wheel of this SUV. For a midsize it has a lot of power and room. The fuel economy is not bad and it could be worse. I like the style inside and out.
My husband and I wanted something that would be practical to drive the kids around in, but we aren't quite ready for a minivan. Vacations pulling our boat are a breeze, and the carseats go in and out with ease. It's by far the best looking grocery getter in town.
Excellent SUV. Stylish compared to the rest, and fun to drive. Handling is excellent, and there's room for my 3 daughters and dog. Tows the bowrider boat with no hesitation. 
The car so far has been great. I love the exterior design. However, the interior is subpar, and the radio seems bland. Otherwise, the car runs great and looks even better.
Watch what the window sticker says when purchasing this vehicle. On the side where everything the vehicle has is listed it says: "Unit produced without XM satellite radio". The salesman and I skimmed the list of features and assumed it had satellite and low and behold it didn't. Funny it didn't list that it didn't have sunroof! Thankfully the dealership where I purchased my Equinox honored the satellite radio and had it installed and hard wired. Con for this vehile it cannot get satellite through the radio. Something about the electrical system. Besides that.. I love this car.
The Chevy Equinox is a true competitor against the RAV4 and Santa Fe. I test drove both, and the Equinox is the best one. My decision made up of all the nice features the Equinox offers at a lower price than both the Santa Fe and RAV4. Also, the styling is so much better than the other two. The Equinox has a pretty quiet engine, it can accelerate quickly and performs well. The gas mileage is good considering its size. The new and improved 2007 interior is better than the '06 one. The truck is the biggest, inside/out, compared to the Santa Fe and RAV4. Even the stock sound system is the best. Overall, the car is fun to drive and I am happy with my purchase. This truck rocks!
Compared drive with Rav4 and Ford Escape. Drives more easily than Rav4. Ford surprisingly heavy to steer. Fun to drive this heavy 5000lb machine. Initial mileage around town about 19mpg. Relatively new to me. Solid and stable, but ease of steering could possibly cause oversteering. Visibilty on right side requires use of the side mirror. Acceleration good for freeways. Does not sway like my '95 Blazer tended to do.
The longer I drive it the more I love it. The price was great, more options for my money than the Mazda CX-7. Have been getting 26 mpg. The ride is smooth and comfortable. My sixteen year old son (who is 6'1'') loves the back seat that slides back. Everybody says it looks like a Lexus. 
I am not very happy with gm I bought my car used with factory warranty to 1000,00 mi. The car has 53,000mi My transmission has been slipping I took it to dealer they didn't fix it they gave it a new gasket supposedly. tear down transmission, replaced side cover gasket. I'm not happy with gm I'm going to need to keep complaining for them to fix it properly. I'm worried transmission is already on its way out it sickens i bought car 2007 used 32,000 mi I luv style of car and the way it rides but I'm afraid of keeping it to long I think I have lemon signed depressed 
I have had my HHR since November 2008 bought it used with 32,000 miles came with 12,000 bumper to bumper warranty from chevy. The dealership will lie to keep from doing anything under warranty. My wipers have quit repeatedly during rain storms. I make an appointment to get it seen to and they lie and say they checked it out but didn't. I have two recalls for my car but the dealership wont even schedule me to get the repairs done. says I don't really need them. the car did not come with runnerboards or mud flaps so every time you drive anywhere near gravel it flies up the side of my car and skins the paint in front of the back door and the warranty doesnt take care of that either 
Has a good road feel and drives well, predictable, positive handling. Mileage around 27 winter and 31+ in the warmer months. Avg'd over 35 on a 1000+ mile road trip last summer. Nice smooth powerband but 2.2 won't snap your head back on inclines. Utility is well designed with the plastic floor and sides, rear seats that fold flat. Rear seat leg room adequate, comfortable. Driver's leg room a little narrow but sliding the seat back helps. Telescoping wheel would be a good overall remedy for this. Engine is nice if you do you own basic maint. Oil changes a snap with that top load filter, plugs easy access, fluid fillers, like that. Good daily runner. Economical, practical, comfy.
I have had my used HHR which by the way I just found out means: Heritage High Roof for 13 months. It does have a high roof but you can't see out the windshield very good at a red light. All in all I really like the car, (I hope I am not jinxing myself) the other members of my family always want to drive my car instead of their own. My mother can get in and out of it with no problem (which is a problem in other cars). I have always owned a van and at first I thought WOW how small, but I just went on a camping trip and was able to get everything in comfortably. I wish it had roof racks though. I have recommended this car to friends and family because of the price and reliability so far.
I started shopping for a roomy vehicle that i could afford and could afford to run. I didn't have the need for speed or a handling package since most of the work the car would be doing would be on the interstate. With the HHR I feel I hit the transportation jackpot. I regularly fit a string bass, 2 amps, several guitars, a sax or 2 and three humans inside fairly comfortably. Over the life of the car so far, I am AVERAGING 29.9 mph. Fully loaded on the hiway I've never done worse than 33.5 mph. Splitting the gas 3 ways at todays gas prices, that works out to about 2 cents/mile. The HHR is quiet, comfortable and very reliable. Easy to drive, a great turning radius and very easy to park.
Bought my 07 HHR new in 2007. By the time 2008 rolled around it was worth about 10K less than the sticker price on a trade. The car was much better built then my 2004 Cavalier...but that does not say much. In my 20 months of ownership I had multiple electrical issues, suspension problems and fuel mileage down to under 23mpg consistently. It looks more spacious then it really is. I would be more likely to recommend this vehicle as a used car....don't get suckered in to buying a new one because it drops in value sooooooo quick you can't get your dollar's worth out of it before it will be off the road. My summary: Decent car, don't forget that you are buying a Chevy and it will cost you!
I love my HHR! I've had it just over two years and it has a little over 20,000 miles on it. I haven't had any major problems with it. I did have some brake squeak when it was new and that was fixed. I still get compliments on my HHR. Most people are surprised when they get in at how much room it has. Especially when I haul something in the back, they never think it will fit and it surprises them when it does! I get great gas mileage 30-33 on the highway and 25-30 in town, it just depends on how big a hurry I'm in! My Mom is considering an HHR for her next vehichle.
I've owned over 15 new years in my life and this is the first one that has absolutely no defects whatever. I just past my 36,000 mile warranty and no issues. The car is fun to drive, holds a ton of stuff, gets really good mileage (I routinely get 30 mpg city/highway mix), and the quality is what Chevrolet should be doing with all their cars. Tight, solid, no squeaks. The paint is as shiny as when new. Tires wear evenly. Transmission shifts smoothly and acceleration is more than adequate for a small engine. I wish the resale value were a bit higher but heck, I' m not selling it so I suppose it doesn't matter that much.
I really love to drive my HHR LT, but the exterior body has gotten really bad. I live on a gravel road and the the rims are flaking off and I have absolutely no paint left in front of my rear wheel wells. It is starting to rust all ready and I have under 28,000 miles on it. Took it back to dealer at under 10,000 miles and they really didn't care. Have replaced the sway bar links already too. Just a cheap car. Gas mileage should be better than 25 average, but it's not. Bad handling in winter conditions also should be noted.
We absolutely loved our HHR Panel LT with its retro design. White with floor boards, heated leather seats, etc... Before the cowl seal leak that flooded the passenger side floor board and soaked the carpet with 3+ inches of rain water. It was fixed according to the local Chevy service department under warranty but, who knows? will it leak again? the thought of another rain water leak makes me sick! Fell out of love fast!
I have had my Sunburst Orange HHR for 7 months now. It sure gets a lot of looks. The pickup is great and it handles well 3 seasons of the year. I have 3 complaints though. It does not handle very well in the snow. (important feature up here in Canada) The cupholders and electric window buttons are awkward to reach. Other than that I absolutely love this car.
I love this car. I consistenly get 26.5 miles to a gallon around town and on the freeway. My average speed in use is 30 mph. I roll it at 70 on the freeway and combined with my street level average 30 mph. Handy layout lets me haul large items. Plenty of pep in small engine.
Surprise! The off the line power is great! The interior comfort is super. The quality is great in and out. Get the mud flapsor the dirt will hit the vehicle. This replaced a Land Rover and I am not looking back!
This is the first car I've ever purchased! I love it! I am such an HHR lover I count the others that I see on the street. The gas mileage is excellent.(6 tanks 1907 miles) He is pretty quiet, drives well on the highway and the black on black look is gorgeous! I am a very satisfied with Gomez.
From the first time I saw an HHR on the road I wanted one. Now the proud owner of a bright orange eye catcher, I can tool around town in style and hit the open road with pride. After six kids and 22 years of marriage i finally found the car / suv that the kids like and my wife wants to drive more than me. My recomendation; buy one. Heck... buy two. 
I have only owned my HHR about 3 months but the gas mileage is very good. The look of the vehicle is very appealing and gets lots of attention. It is a fun little vehicle to drive. I feel very safe and comfortable when I drive it. The only thing I could possibly think that might improve it would be repositioning the cup holders. I am not sure where but they are awkward to reach.
I didn't like the HHR when it hit the road. I went with a friend to help him buy a car and test drove the HHR. 2 hours later I was driving out with it. He bought also. Great car! I bought the LT with the 2.4 engine.
Bought '07 HHR LT fall limited edition. Love it. The black chrome looks great. Very comfortable, great mileage. I am 6' and there is a lot of room. Handling is great, not too much body roll. It is a lot of fun. Rides like a much more expensive car.
I bought my 2007 HHR sight unseen, just because I loved the exterior styling so much. I hadn't even driven one until I took it off the dealer's lot. I knew from the first moment after that point that this was going to be an automobile that I would love, and I do. The smooth and quiet ride, I would dare say, is compariable to more expensive luxury vehicles, and the attention to detail in the manufacturing shows. Fuel economy is excellant, averaging 34 MPG, I can now go as long as two weeks between fueling, and I travel a good distance to my job. 
Roomy and comfortable when driving long distances. Good gas mileage. Rear area is roomy and the shelving for storage is excellent.
At first I wasn't a big fan of the looks of the car but after getting to know the car in and out I really love it. The HHR is fun to drive has a ton of great features and I now love how it looks. For the price I don't think there's a better vehicle out there.
HHR is definitely a car worth your attention. It runs very smoothly and quietly, gives you great gas mileage (30 miles highway plus local in my case) and plenty cargo space. My HHR has a 2.4-liter engine for which premium gas is recommended (you can still use other grades but later on your engine may need to be serviced). I've noticed that whenever I'm driving up-hill, I really need to push the paddle to maintain the same speed. The only thing I don't like at all about this vehicle is the little compartment space. My previous car is a Geo Prizm (much like Toyota's Corolla) which is quite smaller than HHR. But Prizm has more space where I can put CD's, maps, stuff like that.
This car is certainly not a race car, but I didn't want that anyway!It's fun to drive, has a very comfy ride, looks nice, and seems to be built very well. I have had many cars domestic and foreign. I would have to say this car is as nice and built as well as any foreign car. Very happy
As a Suburban owner, I was taken by the design of the HHR. Being an "Old Guy", I love the '49 Suburban take. Also, I like the fact that the seating position is high and entering and exiting this vehicle is easy. I don't feel like I'm sitting on the floor boards. The build and quality of this vehicle is as good as I've seen on any US vehicle. Maybe it's because it's assembled in Mexico. At any rate, they're doing it right. I should say at this point, this report is on the 2LT with the 175 horsepower 2.4 liter engine. The 2LT isn't an option listed above for some reason. The 2LT has a larger sway bar and stiffer suspension. It handles way better, almost like a sports car.
2007 HHR sure beats the 2004 Freestar.The ride is at least as good, performance is about the same, MPG is about double, and it's twice the fun to drive and most people love the looks. I sure do enjoy it
There is no comparison between the HHR and the PT Cruiser. The HHR is roomier more economical and better looking. I average 29.5mpg cruising at 75mph in hilly West Virginia. The back is large enough with the floor removed to fit a full size contra(drum corp) standing up. I love my HHR!
I love it. It drives good and handles good. Gets good gas mileage. Love to drive it. Had a big truck for six years. Had to get a car I could get in because of my health. Like this just as well.
I have owned my HHR for about 5 months and about 6,000 miles. The car has been fun and economical to own. The 2.2 litre engine will not win any races but it moves the car with enough acceleration to make it fun to drive. The engine is quite noisey under heavy acceleration. Rock solid on the road with plenty of room for people and things. The interior is roomy and very versatile, and I love the fold flat rear seats. Overall has been a great car.
Just bought it a couple of weeks ago, and my wife and I really enjoy it very much. It handles great, parks easy, rides smooth, is really good on gas, and we love it. 
This is an awesome vehicle. I love it because it is different! But the ride is awesome. My family fights over who will get to drive it! My grandson already told me that I have to keep it so he can drive it! The only thing that I did not like is that OnStar was not available. The extra cost down the road is worth it. But I love this HHR!
I love this car. I have had my eye on this car since the autoshow. I finally got it. I told myself i wouldnt settle... and i didnt .. its fully loaded... if its offered i have it. The radio is outstanding... the sound amazing. I love that i can store fm, am, and xm channels in the same category in the presets. The drive is amazing. The speed sensitive steering really makes a difference... who knew? It has good power for the size of the engine. The exterior color (golden teal) really turns heads. The remote start is great especially considering that its october and already snowing. Wow the room it has... its the best !!
I received my HHR on a Friday and was just starting to explore all the features when 4 days later on Tuesday, a gentleman ran a stop sign and I hit him going about 30-35 miles per hour. It was a very scary few minutes. I never even had time to hit the brake. No one was severely injured. I got out of my vehicle and walked away with only the injury from the seatbelt. The air bag also went off. The windshield never broke. There was no damaged from the front seats to the back of the vehicle. The front end took the whole impact of the crash. My truck was totaled though. It only had 345 miles on it. With the 5 star safety rating and my proof of it, I'll be buying another HHR.
I really like the color. Heads turn when I drive by. My fuel economy is the greatest. I can park anywhere in small spaces and the acceleration is outstanding. The quietness is great as well as the CD audio. The surround sound is beautiful. I like the buttons on the steering wheel and all the features it displays.
I love my new HHR better than my former vans, VW Bug and SUV. The first road trip we got 35 MPH. There is plenty of leg room in the back seat if the front seats are pushed back for taller riders. 
I have had my HHR for about 3 months now. I drive a 3.5 hour commute twice per week, and enjoy driving my hot rod every time. It moves right along, and gets great mileage. When I'm home, it moves kids and dogs great too.
I love it. You can put a 2"x4"x8' in vehicle with no trouble. Boxes of tools. Best little car. I'm 6'3"3/4 tall 260 lbs. So far 13,645 miles on it.
The car handles great. Interior handles pets feet and sticky kids well. There is enough lighting. Storage is all around. Roomy back seats. The cargo area is pretty neat too. Love the hatch back. Having electric windows is a great plus. Everything is close for easy reach.
We have the LT, but even the LS has lots of goodies for the price. Features not even mentioned include speed sensitive windshield wipers, traction control included if you get the ABS brakes (option), nicely tinted windows, and a drivers information display on the speedo.
I wanted to get rid of my gas guzzling SUV, but needed the room of a station wagon and this was it! I am 6' tall and found this to have the perfect legroom and headroom I was looking for. Plus it had all the features I wanted at a very reasonable price. I wasn't looking to be the first one off the line at the light (you won't win any races) but the HHR runs, travels, and handles well. I've been in the automotive business (mechanical and body shop) for 26 years and I am quite pleased with my purchase of the High Roof.
I just drove the HHR home last night, nearly 150 miles, in the dark. The displays were easy to read and use, I was driving through a lot of hills with a lot of curves and it handled great. I kept feeling like I was in my truck but lower. Fuel mileage came out to 28mpg. That's twice what my truck got. 
After a year of ownership - my complaints are few. I had a convertible before - but needed a practical car. The HHR fits the bill to a tee! It consistently gets mileage in the 30's, with the 2.4 liter and the 5 speed manual, the car is quite responsive. I wish the car had traction control (since corrected), I hate the cup holders and the window switch location (also since fixed) All in all - this car is for an active person who doesn't want their car to look like everything else on the road.
We have an LS with the 2.2L automatic. Highway gas mileage is excellent, about 32-35mpg. City mpg about 23- 25mpg. Only complaint is the cup holders are not user friendly for the driver or the passenger. Otherwise, we love our HHR. Excellent headroom, and we love the retro styling of the interior. Great ride quality with little to no cabin noise. Visibility out the front windshield takes a bit of getting used to, but after a while, you don't even notice. All in all, a great car. We would recommend this car to everyone!
I'm very happy with the HHR however, I am from the northeast and this winter has been very cold.The reason I bring the weather up is in the morning when I get on the hughway the engine is quite loud. Getting to the highway I have a little dip or two to go over. When I do go over them it sounds like I lost my under carriage. After like five miles this to calms down. The car has a low front end so stay on well plowed roads. 
I actually love the car , the ride, the, the mileage all fine. But, after a year and 9 months I had to take it into the dealer to have rust repaired on all 5 doors. The rust is in the doors where the seams are. If you look at the seam in the bottom of the doors you can see the rust bubbling under the paint. I took the car in and they sandblasted the door seams and repainted. I know a good deal about cars and I know for certain this car had to be assembled rusty! I don't mean to pile on when GM is down but maybe this is why. I spoke to my neighbor who owns an HHR who was not surprised because his doors had also been repaired for rust! Is GM building Vegas again? Just a word to the wise.
I bought my LT a couple of months ago used with 35K miles, I have already put 10K miles on it and I have to say, unless mechanical problems arise to dampen my enthusiasm, I absolutely love this car. It is comfortable and roomy (even for a large person like me), quiet, zippy (yes, it really is, even with the 4 cyl.!), the heater rocks and will fry your face off from a cold start in less than 3 minutes (usually more like 1 minute in Texas winter!). Love the sunroof, love the styling, love it all. Wish I had gotten a lighter color (I have the darker red) exterior and darker color interior though. Almost my favorite car I've ever owned. (Still partial to my old Grand Prix GT!)
I love my HHR. I do a lot of driving and it is great for long trips. The sound is very nice and the 2 selling points for me are the curves and the leg/head room. I am 6 foot 2 and have no problems at all. I love to keep it waxed but I do not have running boards and due to the design the front tires kicks up stones and gravel to the point that the paint is destroyed infront of the rear tires. Chevy repainted it once but did not offer to put on the running boards. I am not happy that i have to sell it but it does not drive very well in the snow! I have to get a 4x4. 
HHR is definetely a summer car not a winter car. Ice gets between the bottom of lower front fender and door and freezes up preventing us from getting in and out of car. Outside of that it has been a great car, my average MPG is 27.
I recently bought the Chevy HHR my driving experiance with the car is just awesome. It handles just like a high end sports car, ride is so comfortable. I took it twice too Little rock ark. from ft.myers fla 1200 miles each way the fuel economy is great averaging 29 to 31 hwy miles. I have the royal blue metallic. it has just the right amount of chrome to set it off and turn heads. The only drawback is where they put the power window controls. You have to take your eyes off the road to find them. If anyone wants a truly great auto in a small SUV try this one you will not be disappointed. More than plenty off horsepower and comfort and leg room. Get this one it's great
I have the 2.4 L (larger 4 cyc) engine which is fun. I have a white with the chrome package with it decked out except it has gray material seat. It gets between 25 - 32.5 mpg so that is wonderful for commuting.
I have almost had 3 wrecks due to the blind spot dealing with the windshield pillars. They are very thick for such a small vehicle. The windshield needs to be bigger, when I put the visor down I have to slump down in the seat to seat under the dumb thing. GM did move for 2009 the window controls to the door they are a pain in front of the gear shift. The cup holders are too close together so you cannot have to larger cokes in them and then the armrest are in the way to get to your drink. It needs to have a console and lots more cubby holes. There is a lot of space that is wasted that could have been utilized for storage. The storage in the door is way to small needs to accomodate drinks
Liked the retro look from when I first saw the concept car, always been a Chevy fan but only owned their trucks (3/4 ton HD) all my cars had been imports. I traded in a CRV for this car because it was the most car for the money period! We saw an ad price for $12,500 for the LS and with my GM card discount we drove home in it for $11,500 brand new! cheaper than a cobalt or focus, or a less equipped hyundai! We love that the base model has so many features standard. Oh, and did I mention how great the mileage is? We average 36 on trips and have on one trip gone over 600 miles on one tank! For snow, we bought Bridgstone Blizzack studless and they are amazing! No need for AWD 
I love this car. I'll admit at first I was not excited about it because I don't think it's the most attractive of vehicles on the outside, but once I stepped inside I fell in love. I got used to the outside, and the only thing Also, I don't know what everyone's talking about with their car being in the shop. I travel everywhere with this car, almost had it for a year and driven over 10000 miles and it's still going strong with no problems. Though, I did get in one accident and my car had the slightest dent/scratch on it while the other was nearly totaled. So it's a pretty tough car. 
Love my HHR and I won't give it up, but I hate that it has been in the shop so much. It is a blast to drive - especially since mine has the 2.2 with a 5-speed transmission. Great fuel mileage - average 27 mpg daily driving and 33 mpg on highway. Items replaced thus far, upper and lower steering shafts, front brake rotors and brake pads, radio (three times), front sway bar bushings, and body control module (related to radio issues). Running boards and Splash guards are a must if you experience winter driving conditions (protects paint on rear doors). Changed tires to Goodyear TripleTreads (Original Firestone Affinity tires were junk) and I now have better control, handling, and traction.
This vehicle has been a mileage surprise. EPA estimates of 30 are often exceeded on longer trips. A recent 400-mile, one-way trip got 31 mpg with several in town stops, while the return, mostly non-stop trip logged 34.5 on the onboard computer, but 39 mpg when actually running the numbers on the calculator! This was at 59-60 mph for most of the way. This replace a 1994 S-10 Blazer that only did 24 mpg on its best days. I wish professional reviewers would quit putting so much emphasis on a vehicle's ability to rocket off the line. Except for race car drivers, we are not buying cars to win drag races. The HHR has plenty of power to accelerate from stop lights and to merge onto freeways.
I have owned mine for about a month now. I love it. I did read the reviews prior to purchase so some small things I agree with. The door locks, why are they so tall. Makes hard to have your arm on door. Also interior easily staining is so true. I mean water on seats stained and that is so odd to me. I was frustrated as my car didn't come with trunk mat. I did shop around. The dealear wanted $104. for the rubber mat. I actually found a lot of them on ebay for $49. So check that out if you need one. Other than that all is great. I dont see any issues. Everyone loves it and my kids finally have room to relax. Great car don't hesitate.
Car has proven to be very reliable. I have total confidence in the ecotec motor and GM transmission. Car is well built and everything fits, no rattles. You cannot hear or feel the motor inside the car. Car is quiet at speed and at idle. Handling is pretty good. I love the cargo utility & the fold down seats, I use it quite often. Very little maintenance is required. I had a few small problems with brake drums and vibration when I first got vehicle. Dealer fixed it all promptly and professionally. This is the first ever GM product I purchased new! I have no regrets, satisfied with my choice and recommend the HHR highly if you are looking for a small, efficient, family utility vehicle
My HHR has been in the shop 13 times in past year. I would be driving down the road and it wold just shut off. Burning smell, all kinds of electrical problems. Before 7K miles it had to have new bearings. It was in the process of Lemon Law and 1 week shy of owning it a year caught on fire while I was driving and burnt to the ground. I was lucky my children weren't with me. Gas mileage started out good almost 30 on the hwy and then went to no better than 21. Bought it for gas mileage and safety..I guess they failed on both......
I have had my HHR for over a year now and the odometer is telling me that I am using 6.9 liters of fuel for 100 kilometers. That equates to 41 MPG city and highway combined. Wow. More than expected. I get people asking me all the time about the color. Golden Teal Metallic. GM only made this colour for the 2007 model year. 
I like this car very much. It rides well and is quiet with the windows up. No road noise. Gas mileage is high 20's in city. I would buy another. 
I have had my HHR over 1 year and have put about 30,000 miles on it. I have been averaging about 33 mpg that is city/highway combined. When I first saw it I really wasn't that excited about the looks of it. But I decided to take it for a test drive because of the sticker price. Once I did that was all it took. It was so much fun to drive I am a very large person and fit in that vehicle comfortably.
I love this car. I get 29 mpg. I do a lot of highway driving and when the windows are closed it seems like its sound proof. I could use a little more light, being that the windows are tinted and small it doesn't flood the vehicle with light. The one thing I do hate is that the cup holders are between the seats and the power window buttons are next to the shifter on the floor. I have actually been thinking about an upgrade to a 08. 
This car is a fleet vehicle for the company I work for. I have put on about 50k miles on it in the first year so far and have had no problems at all mechanicaly. The engine is suprisingly quick for a 4 cyl. My only complaint is the seats. They stain way too easy. I spilled a bottle of water and it left a stain. I have the gray interior. I would reccomend black or get leather. All other features about inside are great.
Over all not too bad of a vehicle. It would be nice to be driving something where I was not surrounded by plastic when I was inside. I usually get much better then the rated gas mileage, around 38 mpg highway if I watch my speed.
I bought my HHR for my wife in 2007 for a nice car to drive back and fourth to work. Mileage has been solidly in the upper 20s with mixed city HWY. When we are on the open highway I have gotten as good as 33 but stick around 31 most of the time. The car is solid it is just a base but the auto start was a deal setter for my wife. Great little car. But just a few weeks ago i got a safety recall on the little beast. Come on GM get your heads in the game. This final recall is the last nail in the coffin for my GM purchasing days. I just bought a Ford fusion for myself. And my wife pretty much stole it from me. Looks like GM just can't seem to build something with out needing to recall it. 
We like driving this HHR. It hasn't given us problems execpt for front rotors. They were turned twice and finally replace at 15000 miles. Not good prefomance when the Rav4 we traded in hadn't been touched in 60000miles. The dealer screws you around saying the rotors are still within tolerance even though when they're turned they warp faster next time. GM doesn't seem to want to admit they have a problem.
Havent owened a car/suv in over 10 years. We own a Suburban now but the poor thing dosent get drove any more. All Ive evered owned is trucks and a few Suburbans. We fell in love with the HHR on our first test drive with in 4 miles. I'm 6 foot tall and this thing has more room than my trucks. It's so easy to get into and out. Great job GM. The fuel mileage is great the ride is also great. The main thing I love is my wife is right by my side. With all my trucks and the burb you have to much room between you. I love to reach out and touch her without taking my eyes off the road. Im sure this will not be my last HHR.
I thought I loved my car. I have now owned it about 8 months. The paint is chipping, my power steering has gone out, the traction was horrible this winter, and when more than 1 window is down there is a suction almost. There are several things that I do like, but I don't believe my vehicle should be having problems yet and I am upset, that's why I bought a new vehicle, to not have problems for reliability.
I had admired the HHR for some time and finally took the plunge. It's a great car with everything you could want. Styling is exceptional, it's fun to drive, it's comfortable with great mileage. When I test drove the vehicle I have to admit I felt a bit claustrophobic what with the huge windshield pillars and dark tinted glass but soon got used to it. The large mirrors compensate quite well for any blind spots. My only complaints are the front brake rotors are too light for the car and front end needed work at 29,000 miles (which the dealer performed under warranty). Overall, I am thrilled with the car.
I have the 5 speed manual, 2.2 liter engine. I get far better mileage than the EPA estimates. Around town, I get around 28 mpg, and on trips I get 36 - 38 mpg! Its a terrific vehicle and I am totally satisfied with it.
Drive 98 miles daily in town and highway gas mileage avg 34 miles per gal. Fun to drive. Had 6 months. Have no problems.
Very easy to get in & out of - I'm 6'. Has been great in a MN winter. Handling is excellent. Corners like a dream. Has plenty of power. I'd forgotten how much I enjoyed driving a stick. Has a lot more room inside than you'd think at first glance. Fuel economy according to display has been as high as 34+. During winter it dropped to 29+. Perhaps the best designed vehicle I've had in 20 years. I checked the options & decided standard had everything I wanted. Plus, it's "cool" - it will turn some heads.
Waited over 2 years to get my LT2 2.4 & absolutely love it. I get about 25 mpg city driving. I have a blast driving & look for any reason to do so. It is still pretty stock (the look is what attracted me to it & I still love it), but go to many car shows with it & get lots of compliments. My sister is even considering the SS for an everyday car (has an 07 Tahoe) to save on gas. We are a Chevrolet family and my chromed out LT2 is a nice addition to it. So open the sunroof, put on some cool fuzzy dice and go for a drive!
We looked at 7 cars in this class and liked the HHR best of all. What sold us. Well the styling was very appealing but the quiet ride, adequate power, nice interior layout with awesome cargo space and plenty of room in the back seats were the final selling pieces. We have over 4000 miles on this everyday work HHR and find it to be more that we expected. We live in the Northeast so one of the best features is the remote starting. Very nice to get into a warm car in these cold mornings. Getting 30 MPG is also very good. We are both over 50 so we will take the soft, quite ride over the stiff harder ride like the Masda 3 5 door had. The HHR fit and finish is also very impressive.
I have now had my car for almost a year and I really enjoy it. I have had to have it in the shop three times for the same thing, something in the front end makes a rattleing noise, they replaced the steering column and some other bar but the problem comes right back. I drive on asphault all of the time, my driveway is gravel and that is when you can really tell that something isn't right in the front end of the car. Also the brakes have overheated and had my rotors turned three times, didn't fix the problem. These are really the only problems that I have been experiencing with my HHR.
This has been a fun car to own. The interior and exterior design are great. There are some blind spots but these are nothing compared to many vehicles. I have a bad back and have found the car to be quite comfortable and it also accomodates my 6'1'' frame well. Storage and rear seat leg room have been good. Gas mileage has been 29 mpg in town and the car possesses adequate power withe 170hp engine, better than the Matrix, Corolla, and Civic. I have found this car to be great value for the price. The only complaint is a periodic light (very light) rattle in the door frame but I have not attempted to fix this yet. This is my favorite car yet in my 27 years of owning vehicles.
I have driven or owned almost every manufacture/ models made from Ladas to Lincolns. I can say that this HHR is value for money and fun to drive. We looked at hybrids and the Prius was to small for our needs and the highlander was way over priced, with equal milage we chose the HHR LT1, we have so far got 26mpg around town, and 35 on highway. We have the Auto option transmission.
This is my first American car in over 20 years. I'm very satisified. This auto has the space I need, with cool retro styling, and the right mix of power and economy. I don't cary a load every day but when I do this car can do the job excellently. I'm very pleased with the smooth ride, very comfortable and easy to get in & out. This is a great buy!
I would say this is a good value car. I have owned vehicles with superior performance and better ergonomics, but overall am pleased with the product. The fuel economy is good, performance is unrefined but expected. I have a two year old daughter and it is easy for her to climb in and out herself without my need to worry about falls. The stereo and components are great, roominess is fine, visibility is great, and the overall look has people taking a double. I would change a few things but overall am very happy.
I am impressed with the vehicle so far. I bought it in August of this year and have only put on a little over 2000 miles on it. I have not been back to the dealer for a single problem as of now. I have the base model with 5 speed and it is fun to drive and functional for a 50 plus 6'6" male. I do little highway driving and am getting over 23 miles to the gallon around town. My last 3 vehicles have been Toyotas but I could not get a Toyota that I could get my frame into and aford the payment and get 20 plus around town period. The HHR replaces a 98 RAV4 that I purchased new and really liked put on over 130000 miles and was a truly reliable vehicle. My wife likes this better and so do my sons.
It's been 2 months and I'm very happy with my purchase. The HHR has a great look, is easy to drive and has lots of head and leg room. Averaging 31mpg is great since I log about 400 miles a week. Sits high enough for my mother to get in and out easily and a very smooth ride. Gauge panel is setup for easy viewing of all gauges.
Every one who sees and or rides in my HHR is very complimentary. It is an excellent value. People are amazed at how inexpensive a fully loaded HHR is to buy. and looks tastefully different. The HHR has great interior space with folding seats for good versatility. It is spunky and fun to drive and gets very good gas mileage.
Turned in a leased Equinox and purchased an '07 HHR with the 2LT chrome package. I was attracted to the HHR by it's "retro" look, favorable safety ratings and decent gas mileage. I am 6 ft tall and the cabin has ample room. It rides smoothly around town and on Freeway, gas mileage is in the 28-30 mpg range (with 2.4 litre engine). It has ample storage room and rear seats fold down nicely with hard coated floor surface. It's a fun and well built ride at an affordable price.
I have had the car now for almost 3 months and nearly 5k miles. I have 2LT 2.4L. It's a fun car to drive, for a car it's size does well on gas mileage, when I baby it I can get 27 mpg, when I drive more aggressive I can expect about 24.5 mpg. I have older parents and it's really easy for them to get in and out of the car without hitting their head on the way in, and it's a quite smooth ride. I helped a friend move and had plenty of room to haul stuff. The selling price of my HHR was 19.6k, for that price I have the 2LT package, heated leather seats, 6-CD changer, XM radio, and running boards (and some other additional trim). I don't think for that price you can do much better.
This car is great! I have always loved the retro look but it was not till I test drove one that I realized how great the car is! We have the 2.4L and it has some good get-up-and-go to it. We have the Leather and it is so comfortable! The interior has great styling. We moved recently and the cargo room was great when you lay the rear seats flat. The back of the seats are lined with Plastic just like the rest of the cargo area. The stereo is great with the 7 speaker Pioneer amplified system. The car is fun to drive and fun to show off to family and friends. Even if they do not like the way it looks, once they drive it they love it! We have the chrome package which adds some great styling!
I've owned my 2LT for about 2 mos. now and am really impressed. The utility, the mpg, the drivability are everything I hoped they would be. The HHR's fun to drive, and stands out among the pack. I seem to attract attention and queries on a regular basis. As the first Chevy I've owned in almost 20 years, I was a little hesitant to buy, but I think GM at least on this vehicle has done an outstanding job on the little details, something that was not their strong suit in the past. Fit and finish on my black HHR is just beautiful; all the body parts are flush and exacting. I would definitely recommend this vehicle for purchase. 
We only just bought our HHR after trading in our Chrysler Town and Country Van which I was very attached to, but we no longer need a vehicle that size. I love the HHR, it is so comfortable and fun to drive. I love the interior and the way all the gauges are set up. I was going to go with a tiny car for better gas mileage but the HHR gives me a bit more room with a better gas mileage than my van. 
I have only had the car three weeks but it has been great so far. Bought it for better mileage in my long commutes to work, so far it is averaging 28.5 in mixed, mostly highway driving (w/2.2 auto). Very comfortable ride, quiet out on the road. The interior is very functional. I have the 1LT in silver and it is everything I need and more...sunroof, Pioneer audio and XM (very nice sound), abs, traction control, curtain air bags. I like the looks with the roof rails, spoiler and running boards. I looked at many other options but this seemed far and away the most (and most versatile) car for the money. Loaded with little extras and niceties.
I have owned my HHR for less than 3 months and it has been in the shop for a total of a month and a half. It rattles squeeaks and shakes and the front end sounds like it is falling out from under it. DO NOT BUY ONE! Check out some of the forums on the internet. I sure wish I had before buying mine. Truly sad because the car looks good and I love the features. Hoping they will buy it back!
I did an extensive research for the best wagon/suv that has 2.4L engine before buying our HHR. RAV4, Sportage, CRV, XB, Element, and Tucson beat the HHR in cargo capacity. But HHR beats them all in engine power, fuel mileage, and price. And HHR is also one of the CRs "Consumer Recommended" car. A loaded HHR for $22K like ours is a price that is hard to beat! 
Fun to drive. Great handling! Packs a little bit of punch for a 2.4. Great on turns. Gas mileage is very good. 
Great gas milage, very comfortable. I love the way it looks. The only bad thing is how short the windsheild is. It's tough to see stop lights without bending down. Other than that a great car!
I am very happy with my purchase. This car is great! Great gas mileage, looks great, and didn't hurt my wallet! I love the remote start and power everything! I didn't get the sunroof though( with much regret) I have always been worried about it leaking! I wouldn't trade my Chevy for anything in the world! I got the orange color which totaly suites me! It's easy to get in and out of, rides great, and is very comfortable! The cargo space in the back is also a major plus. I have plenty of room for me my husband and child. Its a great buy!
I bought the HHR as a compromise - a fuel efficient commuter, comfortable trip car, roomy hauler and cool looking style-car. Handling with the 17 in wheels is adequate, though pickup is more station wagon than sedan. The arm rests covering the cup holders could be designed better. The window controls down low on the center console are no biggie, but then I owned a CRV for four years. The leather seats are very soft and comfortable for long trips. Chevy was dealing and I got a loaded up LT for under $20K. I have 10k miles on it so far, no defect issues and think it was a good buy for the money. The 100K power train warranty was also a factor here
So the wife is looking for a vehicle, wanted a Hyundai Sante Fe, I went to the dealership the day before and told the salesman, I guarantee when she sees he HHR, she will want this, as I am a Chevy man. Took the Hyundai for a spin, she was ready to sign, I told her, lets look at the HHR. I had not even started the engine yet, and she wanted this vehicle. Comfortable, all the goodies, roomy for passengers, just an all around great vehicle. I wish it came in a 6 cylinder, but that's neither here nor there. Seems to be a very reliable automobile that is comfortable and attracts a lot of attention in the Southern Ohio area. You don't see many here, but I have had many say they like it.
The HHR is the best car I ever owned. Handling is very responsive and the seat are comfortable and interior space is very well apportioned. We are looking forward to many years of comfortable driving.
I've wanted one of these since I first saw in 2005. Finally bought it as a b-day present to myself--absolutely everything I dreamed it would be! Comfortable and fun. I am a Chevrolet-gal. It's black, chrome package, chrome wheels/roof rack/running boards, gray leather, heated seats, iPod PAL, remote start, premium mats, sunroof, etc. Was going to order 2008 blue HHR, but this was too loaded to pass up and a great deal. I have had so much fun driving it and love having folks ask me about it--and I've only had it a week! Highly recommend and look forward to many fun years of driving!
I reviewed online information for a month or more noting what others liked and disliked. So far, there have been no surprises. I have the 2LT package with many extras. The vehicle was purchased for my 30 mile one way commute over rolling terrain back roads. I average about 27-28 mpg on the daily commute. The ride is very good for a small vehicle. 
I feel like I have a new toy! I love my little HHR. It is the perfect run- around-town car. It has enough get up and go for this grandma and good gas mileage too...about 26 mpg. It has good all around visibilty and handles well in town as well as in the country. I like the way it hugs the road at 55 mph. It seems so solid. I don[t think of it as a "truck", more like a big car drive in a small package. It's very easy to get in and get out of too.
No it's not a sports car and it certainly isn't a race car , but it is comfortable with reasonable handling and good gas mileage. I am 6 ft tall 200 lbs.and its comfortable for me to drive. Have the 1LT with the 2.2 and 5 speed. OnStar, leather, ABS, rear-side airbags, bright chrome package, stereo controls on steering wheel. Averaging 26.8 mpg but only has 1,300 miles. Half our driving is city. What else has all this for $16,500? Plus a 100,000 mile waranty
I purchased my 2007 HHR fall limited edition on July 5th. It has the spoiler, running boards, and a factory pinstripe. I've put 2000 plus miles on it in three weeks! Went to Memphis from Milwaukee and back on a road trip. I love this car. 
I got rid of a truck I had that got 12 miles per gallon and an SUV to get my HHR LT with the 2.4LT. The gas mileage is awesome. It is so fun to drive. Got the white exterior with the chrome package. I get lots of compliments on it.
I have owned this car for about six weeks and love it. It does have its quirks like the very low armrests and the window buttons. The tilt steering wheel only moves an inch or two. The manual suggests using premium gas but I have tried both and I cannot notice any difference in performance. The fuel ecomomy is great unless you get a lead foot and then it seems to go down quite a bit.
I was looking for a reliable car with a little flair. I turned in my Honda Accord and went with the HHR. Not only is it fun to drive, but the ride quality rivals a much heavier car without substituting the nimbleness of a compact. I haven't had so many compliments on my car since I drove my '69 Camaro. I even enjoy washing it!
I love my HHR! I traded in my Nissan Titan which was a good truck but terrible on gas. The HHR is great on gas and big enough for weekend trips with the kids. 
I have had this vehicle for about a month now and enjoy it more every day. It is very comfortable and quiet. I have the dark blue exterior with ebony inside and it looks stylish. I drive primarily city miles and obtain 27 mpg averaging around 30 mph and have not taken it on a highway trip yet. Sunroof takes away some head space.
My HHR has the economy of a small car, but the room and comfort of a large car. Outfitted with all the bells and whistles, this car is a very comfortable ride. The 2.2L 4 cylinder has lots of ooomph when pulling out in traffic, accelerating uphill, or even when cruising at 70mph on the interstate. No complaints whatsoever! This is the most fun to drive car I've owned, and you've got to love the retro "gangster-car" look!
Had to get rid of a gas eating '93 Explorer and needed fuel efficiency, and something with a longer roof line for carrying a 9'6" surfboard. Liked the solid feel, styling and ride, 5 star crash ratings plus a nice list of standard features at a very good price. Very peppy for a 2.2L Auto, with smooth shifting that averages about 26MPG in stop and go commuter traffic. Close to 1K miles and my wife and I are very happy(she wanted one 1st). Will hopefully add a 2nd in a year or so. It was great to go out and look at cars and have a US made vehicle meet our needs and come out on top! So far so good! 
I knew it was time for me to get a new car although I did love my old one. When I saw this in an ad I clicked on it and knew it was for me. I love the cargo space, the way it drives, just eveything about it is great. I am so happy with this little kept secret!
The more we drive this car the more we love it. We have a friend who bought one and once we got in it we liked it.Purchased the 2LT model with all the bells and whistles except OnStar. If you like the Sunburst Orange but not sure of the color from the info it is a perfect color for this style of car and the pictures do not do it justice. It is more coppery when you actually get to see it. The black leather sure looks sharp in this color. It is nice to see a car with chrome on it again. The 17" polished aluminum wheels are a very nice touch.
HHR is a nice looking car and I have all the bells and whistles. However, it is short on power and when the sunroof is open, it makes too much noise. The insulation in the car where the open hood is, insulation is coming out. For the MSRP, the car is cheaply made and overpriced. Too much plastic inside vehicle, mirrors are not lighted and the side panels are cheaply made. 
I don't drive on the highway much except to the airport, I am an around town/back and forth to work driver. This vehicle replaced a Suzuki small SUV that I loved. However, the HHR is a great replacement. Very comfortable seats and very smooth drive, maneuverability, quiet,peppy (I have the 2.4L) and it is great in town. Good price for the money. I recommend it.
I purchased the HHR mainly for the looks and economy. It is quite adequate in both categories. Performance is a little suspect even with the big 4 cylinder engine and the premium fuel suggestion is absurd. It runs fine on mid grade or even regular. No pinging and no noticeable power loss. It is fun to drive and handles very well. The XM radio is great but the cup holders are not very good. I am still trying to figure out what that little light next to the sunroof controls is for. All in all I am very pleased with my purchase and coming from a Ram 1500 Quad Cab with hemi engine I love being able to drive by a gas station without stopping.
Shopped the PT Cruiser, Jeep Compass, etc. but this HHR was the obvious choice. Very fun car to drive. Gets double-takes out on the highway. Stick shift is fun to drive and has neat old style chrome shifter. Getting 30 to 34 mpg on the highway. Will carry 5 people comfortably or a bunch of cargo with seats folded down, up to 8' long. Very quiet and comfortable while driving. Lots of storage areas, although map pockets in door are not big enough. Base stereo is OK. Has features you would not expect for such an inexpensive car - cruise control, power windows, power programmable door locks (they lock and unlock automatically) , A/C, electromagnetic power steering, keyless entry and alarm, etc.
We are very satisfied with our HHR. We have three small children, and they have plenty of room as well as the front two passengers. It is very hard to use the cupholders up front while driving. Other than that the only other odd thing is the battery placement. What is up with that? I haven't even seen the battery yet. I hope all of the rear storage doesn't have to be removed to get to it. I am disabled and this would pose a problem for myself. Other than those small things, the SUV is great in every way.
I purchased this vehicle strictly for comfort as I am 6' tall. I found it to have the most creature comforts for the money, and, it's just plain old fun to drive.
Traded in my gas guzzling Suburban, paying the gas was just plain crazy! At first I thought I had settled for the HHR, boy I was wrong. I love my HHR. Fun to drive, not as nimble as a MINI but awesome for under $16K. We like it so much that we are considering trading my wife's car for the special edition HHR or the Super Sport HHR. One huge complaint, I really believe everyone should complain about the $395 option for rear air bags! Crazy! Chevy should include this in every HHR. That would seal the deal. If I would have know before, I would have ordered an HHR with the option of airbags for the rear seats.
Well, left my VW Jetta 1.8 Turbo ( end of lease ) for this car. Took the car for a drive twice and fell in love with the looks, ease of getting in or out, smooth ride, milleage and price. Got the base model 2.2,LS, 5 manual and no frills. Big change in lifestyle but so far, so good. Enjoying the ride and good gas usage so far.. 8.5L TO 100 Kms, city driving during the first 1000Kms break in period. Great AC and heating systems. 
We loved it the minute we drove it. The only complaints we have are the location of the cup holders and the shortness of the arm rests. We particulary like the shape of the door handles. Anybody with a hand problem can easily open this door. Also, be careful closing the hatch with your hip, my husband did this and it left of dent! We have to have bodywork on our HHR with only 1000 miles on it!
I truly enjoy it. It's pretty quiet and spacious. Fuel economy. The A/C cools pretty quick. I used to have a Honda Civic and it would take forever to get the cool air out. 
When I first saw this car iI wanted one, but never thought the day of me owning one would come so soon. I admire all the features that came with this car. Drives smooth, good on gas, and preformance and handling is excellent, as well as heated seats. I would recommend this car to anybody that's looking for a nice luxury car.
Had no problems so far with the vehicle at almost 35000 miles,comfortable heated front seats, large blind spots to rear, mirrors could be much larger as in former Pontiac Grand Prixs previously owned, much road noise, when sun roof is opened impossible to hear or talk above 30mph, noisy tires
Powerful engine but 305hp keeps it below competitors, FWD kills the fun, 16mpg, interior quality is really bad my radio or my exhaust makes rattles inside the car really annoying and embarrassing. Single exhaust with dual tips very deceiving You can't even modify it to a true exhaust. Due to the side mounted manifold mount and the single pipes dug in to underbody. The fun went out fast never buying a chevy SS ever they ruined impala SS. The only good thing it's the comfort ride and size. If u looking for a performance sedan look at legacy gt or charger rt better or same mpg better speed and size and a hole lot better quality by far and most of all fun to drive! 
A very acceptable form of transportation. I went from a Malibu to the Impala; missing the outside temp gauge, rear folding seats in the Impala LS vs the Malibu LS. No telescoping steering. MPG is good for the size of the vehicle. Handling is terrific in straight line :-). Overall a decent car for the price. Check the NHTSA website for recalls and technical service bulletins this car is riddled with them, most are minor but worth considering if you are going to buy one. This is a company supplied car for me so I don't get much say in brand choice. Honda and Toyota have nothing to fear however.
I have now own my 2007 ss impala with the following problems: two transmissions (both were bad from the shop), bad brakes, battery needs a mechanic to replace and tire monitoring system is not reliable. No wonder Americans buy foreign. No more GM cars for me. 
I purchased my impala in October 08,and I have not yet had it a year and there is water flying from the car,the engine light keeps coming on, I had the top hose replaced, the oil light keeps saying change oil. it is not time for a change yet, I am truly disappointed in this car.I have made sure that maintenance has been kept up and now I am being hit with problems on top of problems. Where do you go from here?
I just LOVED my Impala and thought I couldn't have been more satisfied with a car like I had been with this one! However, I have noticed in the past month or so that the door molding is tearing out of the door, the trim between the front and back doors is getting spots sorta' like the paint is fading off and NOW - TODAY - IT HAD TO BE TOWED IN TO THE SERVICE SHOP! I have less than 35,000 miles on my car, the battery is fine but there is problem with the electrical system. Also, I get disgusted with the tire sensors too!!!!!
This was the third Chevy I bought in succession. The prior two were a 1998 Monte Carlo and a 2003 Impala LE. I chose the SS for the added torque and performance that are missing in the V6 Impala models. The car handles well and the performance is there when needed. Gas economy is fair. I have had no mechanical issues with this car. I have all regularly scheduled maintenance done either at the dealers or at the local Jiffy Lube. I tore the fiberglass front running it up on some snow in a parking lot last winter. I am sure that this will be an issue at lease end. I was surprised at the amount of damage for such minor impact. The front design of the car is unforgiving for minor impact
Powerful and great in gas. For those of you that are having problems with the tire pressure monitor system and your warranty expired it is easy to fix and all under $50 (for each tire but usually not all sensor go at the same time) Just get the sensor on an online auction and go to your local tire shop. They will install it for about $15. To reset it is easy just follow the owners manual.
If you are looking for a car with all of the 'bells and whistles', look no further. This car is comfortable, stylish, provides a smooth excellent ride, and has a really good fuel economy. It is really a well made and low maintenance vehicle. We bought ours 2 years ago, and have just under 20K miles on it. The only problem we have had was this past winter with the Onstar feature freezing up, but other than that no problems.
Overall nice car. I have 28kMi and no problems other than the typical tire pressure monitor sensor. I lowered the car 1 inch with Eibach springs because I did not like the body roll and the noise dive experienced with the original springs. Ride quality suffers a little with the new springs but overall worth it for me as it makes the car look much better and it did help reduce the body-roll and noise dive dramatically.
Gas mileage great! Why bother with a small car for extra mileage? No noticable performance with E85. Steering in small area even greater! Be comfortable with a mid size vehicle! 
The Impala is solid, affordable, and well equipped traditional American sedan. Fuel economy is impressive for such a large car. Exterior styling is great. Handling is not a strong point.
We considered Chrysler, Caddillac, and Acura. For the thousands we saved the Impala fit our needs the best. With sporty styling and comfortable interior as is it's selling points not to mention it's much quieter than the Acura. Buy American GM does build a great car with great mileage.
I've had this car for a couple weeks now and absolutely love it. I went with the black on black color scheme, and recently had the windows tinted for a more stealthy look. The instrument panel and exhaust note remind me of my old '91 Camaro (305 V8), and with a proper launch this car is even faster. I would prefer RWD, but I am still very impressed with how well my new Impala accelerates, rides, and handles. The exterior styling is pretty low-key, with the exception of the rear spoiler which is in my view a bit much.
This car has lots of style. The Bordeaux color is eye catching. She's really fun to drive with a resposive suspension. The only thing missing is an ashtray which I use to hold change. The cockpit is comfortable with an instrument cluster that is easy to read with alot of information. I absolutely love the tire pressure monitoring. The interior and exterior styling is beautiful. I really love this car. My previous car was a Malibu which was very nice but this car is definitely a step above.
This Chevy is probably one of the best cars I have ever driven. Very smooth handling. It really turns heads after I put a chrome grille on it. 
I decided at my age I needed to have a bigger car with four doors and American made. I actually felt a little guilty with all my European and Japanese made cars. I love my Impala, I am so impressed with the build and finish and the ride surpasses my expectations. I get between 23 and 32 miles per gallon which I am happy about and also exceeded my expectations. Hurray for Chevrolet.
I titled this My Blessing because that's exactly how I look at it. I was looking for a pre-owned Impala (2006) but my salesman worked out a deal for me on a 2007 demo with 5700 miles on it. So far, I love my car! It's a cherry red color, very sporty yet sophisticated at the same time. 
If you are looking for a practical sedan with style and power, this is your car. This car is a real sleeper. GM has finally gotten the audio system right with XM, Ipod jack, and Bose speakers. The interior is very nice and the 303 HP V8 5.3L packs a lot of power. I had an '02 Impala and put 120k on it in 5 years with only a catalytic converter issue at 60k which GM fixed under warranty. This '07 is much nicer. The ride is quiet and smooth. The fuel management system is only noticebale by the savings at the gas pump - the power is there when you need it. I only wish that it was RWD. 
This vehicle has been trouble from day one. I?ve been averaging 15 mpg. Vehicle is incapable of driving straight, three alignments and a new set of tires helped marginally. Been running tires around 40 psi (10 above recommended) and this seems to help slightly. Key fob has been replaced once, antenna twice, window switch, brake pads, vehicle has a no start problem, rear view mirror vibrates, temperature gauge broken, clunking in rear suspension, reflashed ECM, squealing from alternator, exhaust rattle, and a number of other problems that I can?t think of at the moment. I?ve had the car to multiple dealerships, and they only seem to be able to fix the simplest of problems. 
Got this car in November 2006 and I love everything about it. Not a gas saver, although it does have flex-fuel management, but that's okay because I love it and I love driving it.
I got my Impala used with 32,000 miles and it runs like it has 32 miles. Lots of space with the old school third seat in the front. The new body style is slick and if you put 20 inch rims on it heads will turn.
This is my company car and all I have to say is this GM car is junk. Fortunately for me, I didn't have to pay a penny for this car. I have nothing good to say about it and a lot to complain about. My biggest complaint is the uncountable number of design "flaws". For example, when you open the trunk on a rainy or snowy day, water or snow spills into the trunk compartment! The car also has poor handling, cheap materials and a build quality that leaves much to be desired. Spend your money on a Toyota, Honda or Nissan.
I love the solid feel in corners. Plenty of power from the 5.3L V-8. Excellent handling, quiet and solid ride, and just plain fun to drive. It gets great gas mileage at 27mpg on the highway. Quick and powerful acceleration through all 4 gears and RPM ranges.
My SS has all the options. I've only owned this car for a month and have about 1000 miles on it. So far, I'm very pleased with it. Car appears very well put together, best of any GM product I've had experience with. I haven't experienced any rattles or squeaks. It's hard to argue with the performance of this car. Suspension is a nice compromise between ride comfort and reasonable handling. A good driving car. I'm averaging about 23mpg in mixed driving, but 30mpg looks doable on the highway. The fairly loose torque converter hurts the mpg in stop-and-go situations, and I'm not sure exactly why they made that choice. Minor point, though, IMO. Seats are a bit flat, radio is ridiculous.
This is a great car. It is very roomy. We sat in the back of a Ponatic GT Prix and it was way squished. We sat in the back of our Impala and it feels very roomy. We bought it because we wanted a roomy car because we have a baby we have to stick in the back and it fits great and there is still room. I love driving it. It has the get up and go very fast. 
What a fabulous car. All it took was one test drive and it was sold. The power is tremendous, yet it is comfortable and rides very smooth, even with 18 inch wheels. It's nice to see an American car company finally stick it to those imports. There is no way anyone would even think about buying a Camry or Accord after driving this. Faster, more solid, and a little less money. It's great!
Because of previous build quality problems, American cars like these have fallen from grace. One drive in an Impala should hopefully redeem car buyers from the ongoing Japanese brainwashing and wallet draining. This car is extremely well built, very comfortable and fun to drive. It will rival any Camry or Accord at a much more reasonable price.
We rented this car on vacation! 3 days, 800 miles, we fell in love with all the options ,heated seats, XM radio, OnStar, dual air, great ride, smooth and quiet, great seats, I think Chevy. is on the way back with this car! I want to thank edmunds for all the information i found on this car and pricing to have an idea on what to expect, dealing with car salemen! We got a great price and good trade in value plus the rebate! Thank you, for helping make buying a new car feel good. 
Well, a few members in our family have the Toyota Camry and have been trying to get us also purchase one. However, for almost the same price if not cheaper, the Imapala was the better chose for us. Roomier inside then the Camry and bigger trunk space. Love the feature for the air conditioning. I can set mine seperate from the drivers setting. Also enjoy the features for viewing your tire pressure, odometer and how many miles left before the next gas pruchase. All around this car is superior over any of the Nissan, Toyotas, Kia etc. 
I have owned this Impala 3LT for about a month. Overall, the quality and performance is quite satisfactory. I am impressed with the quietness of the interior and the power of the 3.9 V6. The vehicle is smooth and stable on the highway. However, I do have some suggestions for improvements. The floor mounted shifted needs a gear indicator. The front bucket seats need more lateral support/bolstering. The dashboard section containing the gauges is bland...where are the ammeter and oil pressure gauges like the Mercury Gran Marquis has? Is a tachometer really necessary in this car? The DIC should be separate from the speedometer. Why is there no key- operated lock on the glovebox?
As expressed by others, all my friends told me Accord, Camry or Maxima were the way to go. I found them to be no better than the Impala at higher purchase and insuracne costs. I have only 600 miles on mine, and haven't found one thing that was disappointing.
Very nice design inside and out. Fit and finish excellent. Handles well, good pick-up, fair gas mileage. I am very impressed with this vehicle. A big improvement over my 2003 Malibu. My opinion on par with the Japanese.
My Chevrolet Impala SS is without a doubt one of the best cars,and most fun to drive that I have ever owned. My fuel mpg ranges from 25-27 mpg, and the power I have to get out of a bad situation when driving is incredible. The fit and finish is on or above par of any of the imports that I considered. The comfort of the heated seats and the peace of mind of OnStar makes it a joy to drive. Plus the fold flat back seat is nice on trips to the hardware store etc. 
I got the car in Jan 2007. My wife loved it. A good family car. Had 2 problems, the trunk would not shut, I got that fixed, and both brake lights stop working. But now its fine, kids love it. My wife had a Grand Prix, she loves the impala much more. Now I'm happy and my wife and kids are happy. Overall it's a good car
The driving experience is great when the car functions properly. Ownership of vehicle is embarrasing, because I am often on the side of the road while passerbys yell slanderous remarks because my '07 SS Impala is in the middle of the road dead. It is in the dealership as I write this. It has had two hard failures.The mileage on the car is 787 miles.
I have the base model with no options. The standard list of equipnment is impresive, far more than Toyota Camry and for a lot less money. This car is worth a look if you are in the market for a large sedan.
The LS is the value here. I think you will be dissapointed if you spend more the upper trim levels; hey, it's a Chevy not a Mercedes. I found it to have better handling and braking than Ford 500. Handling is even better once I replaced the stock(cheap quality) tires with the Pirellis that the police package Impala uses. Would not have purchased if it didn't have 100k warranty. Not all cars on the lot are flex fuel so pay attention. Also, watch out if buying used: used rental car fleets tend to not have ABS or head airbags. Had a bad radiator cap that took two visits to diagnose. Other than that, flawless. I have 11k miles on it after 5 months of ownership. 
Fun car to drive. Lots of power and handles great. Gas mileage less than advertized but who cares? The interior is pleasing and confortable. The Bose system is great.
Driving is smooth. Nice dashboard controls and space design up front. Remote starter sometimes shuts off too early. Back seat is not for tall people, but what back seat is these days. Trunk has plenty of room for a nice long trips. Exterior design is streamlined and modern. Enough power for the average driver. I like what I ride so far! 
Vibration and noise thru-out car plus tire pressure monitor system gives false reading. GM has worked for a year and still has no fix for the Vib/noise problem. I was not aware of the problems plus the dealership did not disclose the problems prior to me accepting/paying for the car.
If you drive it, you will buy it! The SS version is a great all around car. I still have not enjoyed the Bose music system because I cannot get enough of the exhaust sound. Has 800 miles on it and no problems whatsoever. The interior is very functional, back seat bottom folds up to reveal a storage area that can take a beating versus the leather. Trunk is very large and the ride, while some say it is not firm enough, is almost perfect. The tire replacement cost is going to be high (18") but the car's performance and workability is a big plus. I recommend a test drive of the SS version. Once you do, you will not consider the lesser versions.
This car is exceptionally well designed and built for the money. Biggest praise goes to the performance as the car will actually break the drive tire loose when cruising at over 30 mph if the accelerator is pressed hard. The active fuel management is a great innovation and definitely improves fuel economy when the car is not driven hard. For anyone out there who is dissapointed in this system just lay off the accelerator a bit and it will perform its intended function quite well. I've driven this car for just over 2,000 miles now and the ride and handling are superb, steering feel and response is best of any vehicle I've ever owned, brakes are balanced with great stopping power and pedal feel.
Wonderful car, looks good, runs great, nice design and 100 K warranty, what else could a customer ask for? Strong points: Exterior design. Interior design. 3.5 engine Quiet ride. Weak points: Auto light switch. Cup holders. Wife loves OnStar !
So far so good. The vehicle is a sporty looking fun to drive car. It handles very well. Very roomy with a very stylish instrument panel. I like the conversion from metric and english. changes the speedo and the readings between metric and english. Heating system is fast and powerful. Dual zone is nice. The trunk space is incredibly large. I wish that the side view mirrors were a bit larger and closer to the windows.The car handles remarkable well.
My decision to purchase the new redesigned Impala SS has been a welcomed one. It has an all new body style that I am sure will entice buyers to rethink going away from American sport/luxury. I am very pleased with its acceleration and handling as well. The interior has a rich feel and an impressive sound system, as well. Overall, I am excited at my new purchase of the 2006 Impala SS.
Just purchased the car on 1/27/07. A real performance family car. Comfortable, roomy, an ideal business vehicle with the flip up rear seat bottom cushions for luggage/briefcase storage without marring the leather seat. Large trunk / fit and finish very good. Standard remote start and XM satellite radio / OnStar.
I have always been a Chevy fan. After Chevy dropped the Camaro I was disappointed like millions of others. I hope the brain behind that move got canned. They have now returned with a true performer. Chevy started the muscle car era with the '55 Chevy. They have now built a car that others will follow and try to catch just like the '55. This car is a bargain for what you get! I'm very pleased!
I have a 2007 LT3. Car looks good, nice interior, good build quality, handles well. 3.9 engine is smooth and offers very adequate power. Gas mileage is disapointing. I had a 2003 with 3.4 engine that would get well over 30 mpg on hwy and mid to upper 20's in town driving. LT3 with 3.9 gets 16 mpg in town aND 25 on hwy. Also wind and road noise are excessive.
GM should be embarassed to put the storied Impala name on this fleet-grade rental car. Nasty seating. Floppy handling and dynamics. 1970s-vintage interior materials and design. Ho-hum styling. Spastic tire-pressure-sensor monitors. Fritzy electronics. Mediocre power. 
Just picked up my 2007 LTZ and so far have been extremely impressed. The car is tight and quiet with amazing acceleration! My only compliant is that for a vehicle of this price, I cannot believe that you cannot get climate control. Other then that I love the LTZ!
Overall, the 2007 3.9L Impala LTZ compared well with the our previous GM car, 1998 3.8L Lumina LTZ. The engine performs well with nice pickup, but sometimes lugs down in 3-cyl mode before switching. With 4000 miles on car, the average fuel economy for 87 octane fuel is 20 mpg for combined city/highway driving, which is alright but not a good as expected. Engine access for maintenance work is much improved. The car does sound to be less sound proof than older car with noticeable wind and road noise, not sure if this is due to rear-door driver-side alignment.
Only problem has been air pressure with the tires. This car is the best of both worlds. FWD for the snow living in the northeast but a real sports car feel. One word, awesome. 
Coming from a 2005 Toyota Camry SE I wasnt sure what to buy. Went to Honda and Toyota dealership then went to Chevrolet. For the money Chevy put the other dealers to shame. The price on the 2007 Impala was about $3,900 less with much feathers. This car is also great to drive.
I never rate anything a 10! Only had this car for 7 weeks - 1600 miles but so far am well pleased. Fully loaded. Imperial blue/gray interior. 20 - 22 mpg with very little highway driving. Leased 3yr/36000mi. Selected for style and features to replace a 99 300M. Great trunk space for 4 golf bags. Quiet riding. Suspension seems a little rough on minor road bumps and seems to hesitate a bit when going from 3cyl to 6 cyl mode in city driving but overall driving is a pleasure. I'm a large sedan type of a guy and this was a good choice especially with the lease incentive and rate and my GM Mastercard rebate.
This is not my dad's Impala! Love the power. Hope to tap into it more with a Flowmaster system. Only complaint is that the seats need to more bucket than bench. Exterior is nice with crisp lines and a tight fit. Makes long trips enjoyable to drive.
I have been driving my Impala for 600 miles. I realy like the feel, smooth but sporty. I think the color red did a lot for the sporty look.
Had a 2000LS (Great car) and so I bought a 2007 LTZ. The 2007 car is smaller and the back seat has little leg room, leather seats are not comfortable, back seat sholder belts are ratchet type and close to smallest size and won't relase without releasing the belt(everybody that uses these complains there too tight) I'm getting 16 to 19.5 MPG which includes 25% highway driving and 3 cylinder engine mode( I'm an easy driver and this is much worse then the 2000) The outside mirrors are smaller and have a bad blind spot,(beyond me why they don't incorporate a small wide angle mirror into the rearview and why the insurance companies don't promote this). Make sure the car serves your needs! 
Car is fabulous except I am surprised with paying for a fully loaded car ($28K) that it wouldn't come with climate control. Car runs amazing and is extremely quiet. Glad I purchased it.
Although I have only driven 200 miles in my new vehicle, I am very pleased with its quiet and smooth ride. The vehicle has ample power for highway driving and merging. I am also pleased with the vehicle's handling and responsiveness.
 2007 Impala SS is a slick pavement grinder while having a refined and quiet ride. The MPG's are not as high as advertised, but the performance and drive-ability help to make up for the MPG deficiency. It is very difficult to back this car up as the rear vision is hampered by the high rear headrests, spoiler and raised back end. The interior dash and displays are cheap looking, operating and feeling. There is a lot of front interior leg, hip and shoulder room but the rear leg room is compromised, especially for those over 6ft. Exterior road noises are sufficiently
Very impressed with this car. It's absolutely beautiful inside and out. Nice body lines. The car basically comes fully loaded without the high price tag. Ride is smooth. There really is nothing to complain about. Overall it really is a very nice car.
I love my Victory Red Impala. The ride is super, with awesome acceleration, and loads of room for the youngins. We test drove all the the imports, and came back to good old Chevy. 
Great to drive and handles great. Fuel economy is above average, and nice to be able to use flex fuel
It was time to replace the minivan (family truckster) this year and I wanted to improve on my fuel economy, so I went shopping for a car. Of course I researched right here on Edmunds and narrowed the focus to two cars, the Chevy Impala and the Buick Lucerne. The Lucerne is nice, but the Impala was nice too and an awsome value. This car is like the person that shows up in kakies and a polo shirt to the party and offers to help imediately! Nobody notices this person but they are indispencable. So it is quiet, moves out well with the 3.9L (I used to have a Mustang GT; this car is quick!), handles well, and I am averaging 24 MPG in city driving! An all around best buy in my opinion.
Leased my LTZ Impala and am very happy. Fit and finish is crisp. Car in black looks great and gets looks back! Good performance, gas mileage good, not great, avg. 20mpg. Trunk is huge. A lot of car for the buck.
I traded in my 2004 Impala SS in for this one, and all I can say is, Woweee! This car rocks! Bose stereo. 18" rims, Gun Metal leather is the best I have ever had. The black exterior and the gun metal interior looks great! The car looks great overall! 
Selected an LT for a company car, having driven two personally owned Nissan Maximas the last several years. I drive for business use and put approximately 40000 miles a year on a car. I had a choice of two Dodge products, a Toyota Camry, and the Impala. Selected the Impala mainly for color choices and enjoyed a rented '06 while in Seattle. After one week and 1200 miles later, I have been pleasantly surprized by the quality and comfort of the car. It's not the sporty car I'm used too, but not bad. 
I waited two months and a day for my new Impala to get here. I ordered it on 6/14/06 and it came in 8/15/06. I was on pins and needles waiting for it. Now that It's here I love it. I like the AFM (6cyl to 3cyl) for helping with fuel economy while it only has a few less hp (233hp) than the 1999 Mustang GT 4.6L 35th anniversary editon convertible (260hp) that I'm replacing. Having said that, going from a RWD to a FWD and from a V-8 to a V-6 I'm really noticing a lack of performance. Now, I realize that a sports car is supposed to run better and faster than a family sedan, so I'm not comparing apples to apples, but I'm really happy with the ride and performance of my new Impala!
Everyone who recommended that I get a Camry or Accord raised their eyebrows when I said I had chosen an Impala. I got it for its E85 compatibility, the wide bench seat and column shifter, and the great fuel economy for a V6. It is quiet, smooth, and looks and feels a lot better, more quality, than an Impala I had rented a few years ago. I'm very happy with my purchase, and the dealer was willing to slash the MSRP on this new 2007 model.
The new Impala is on it's way to outselling the Honda Accord and Toyota Camry. It already has sells of 171K so far this year for the sedan alone compared to 178K for the Honda Accord sedan and coupe and 218K for the Toyota Camry sedan and coupe. The Impala is a very comfortable riding car that gives me all of the power I need when I need it.
Auto doorlocks pinch your arm if you forget to move. The Impala is far superior to Chevys of the past. Great comfort and a thrill to drive. This ain't your Grandpas chevy.
At 35 miles per gallon on the highway, 24 mpg in the city on a large car with a v6, it's acceptable. Also, this vehicle will run on ethanol-85 which will be the gas of the future. With OnStar communication included, this vehicle is far more practical and superior than any imported cars ranging 30 to 50k. By buying domestic cars, you'll also help our economy and put our people back to work.
Overall, this is a great car the only problem I have is that it's fuel economy isn't all that good. But, I mean what do you expect, and my vehicle is a V6 therefore the 4 cylinder may be better. But, other than that I love it!
Was not expecting this comfortable car to get such great gas mileage...I drive a lot for work, family visits, etc., and I average 27 mpg. Most of my friends bragging about their "great" gas mileage on their much smaller cars are not getting anywhere close to that!
Having looked at hundreds of reviews and test driven at least a dozen different used sedans,I settled on the Impala. Why? Power. The Impala LT has 211 horsepower, the equivalent Camry only 155. The difference on the road is not slight. Nor is the price. The 2007 Camry I was looking at was going for 19,000, The Impala for 14. It was no contest. I tried a Honda Accord and the seats nearly destroyed my back just in a test drive. Way too hard as was the price. The Impala is a light, very quick sedan with bucketloads of power. The transmission wants to clunk out of first gear unless you hit the gas. This is a car that WANTS to be driven quick. A light, excellent handling, powerful sedan. 
Don't know why anyone would want more car except for luxury. Not as comfortable as my Town Cars...more fun and economical, however.
I like the car overall. My car is fire engine red, but not gaudy looking. It's very classy, comfortable and I get lots of compliments. As I read the reviews, I noticed several others with the same problems I've had. Drivers door leaks in the rain (very minor), door moldings have peeled up twice, and the tire sensors had to be replaced. Overall, it has been a good car, but there are just a few fairly simple design features that could use some improvements. It is a pretty classy car though! 
window wind noisy. loud road noise, shifting is not smooth, very uncomfortable, small things seem to always go wrong. 
I love my impala. Ride is great. Very quiet. Excellent gas mileage. Going to Boston on time kept a steady speed of 62, and very light on gas and averaged 39 miles to the gallon. Average back and forth to work, which is 40% city 60% highway average 25.2 my daughter cobalt only averages 27.5 in same type of driving.
Car has been serviced regularly at Chevy dealership and tire rotations followed to the tee--result? New tires and alignment at 31K...terrible. Had steering shaft replaced and air filter box under hood simply fell apart...as well as several visits to address Tire Monitor System which does not operate properly--and they cannot seem to fix it so that's bad stuff too...bought American why?
I have owned Chevys since 1981. This car has a very poor interior design. Esp if you get the front split seat. Items fall between the seats all the time. The ctr console forces this. Suspension problems, brake problems and overall poor quality. My 2005 Equinox is just as bad. No more GM for me.
I am a mail carrier, so I have the bench seat, and I drive a lot of miles a day. It is very comfortable and dependable and I love my car, but the tire pressure monitor system is always messing up and the trim on the doors have peeled back twice, have already been through a water pump, emissions sensor, and a timing sensor at 50,000 miles,the trunk latch got stuck had to remove the back seat to open it to fix. Every once in a while the radio will not work, and the blinkers come thru the speakers very loudly, and the dealer cannot find the problem. I think it is in the ignition. But for the most part I am pleased. And the dealer has fixed everything execpt emissions, it is not covered on warranty.
Bought used. Already have had new tires, alignment, brakes, steering shaft, battery, and now the alternator is squealing, just past the warranty expiration date. The rear end bushings squeak, and the seat heaters refuse to work when you sit down in them.
We use this car for work everyday. Overall city/hway 26.5. Hiway mileage top was 36.5mpg (certified!) Denver- Kerrville,Tx.! Comfortable, quick, plenty of room. Use it for 5 people regularly. Sensitive to alignment. No other basic faults. Great little car.
Bought the car new after traveling 2,000 miles in a rental car in 5 days. Gas mileage on my car varies between 23 in town to over 30 at 70mph. Best was 34. Very reliable. Had a two small issues that the dealer addressed. I love the 3.5's high torque at low rpm. Very good value for the money.
I bought this car for company use in 2006. It is now 2009 and this car has pretty much been replaced. The tire monitor system constantly breaks, the hot air only works at 1500+rpms both fenders have been replaced, the tires wore out at 30,000 miles the gas gauge reads wrong, the paint is bad, the fuel tank had to be replaced, two injecters went bad. My MAF went bad, the driver seat ripped, the wood trim inside fell off, the rear speakers dont work, the engine makes alot of noise at idle and shakes bad at idle, the RPM gauge is faulty, the car idles to high, the power seats don't work, my rack went bad followed by my power steering pump, had tranny problems, and a ton more
I really love my 07 Impala SS. I'm debating if I should get rid of it or should I play with it by adding a high performance exhaust, performance chip, cold air intake, the works! But this car constantly is in the shop for transmission problems. Something with the torque converter. The same problem every time. Okay, I drove the heck out of her when I first bought it. The car has become unreliable. Oh well. I'll just drive my 86 Cutlass Supreme. That car never breaks down.
This car has been completely reliable every step of the way. I would recommend this car highly to anyone buying a new or used car! Well built car and very well designed.
Very disappointed, bad paint quality and interior pieces, especially the drivers seat, continue to fall apart. Now just lost both by transmission and torque converter at 74000 miles. Guess that is why GM only stands behind their transmissions for 36000 miles. It is a very fun car to drive, no questions, and I routinely get 26-28 MPG on highway. Tire air pressure monitors are useless and I also have a short in the car no one can find and I keep having dead batteries. They cost around $200 if you buy them and install them yourself and you can plan on adding another $50 to have it installed.
I love this car but have to agree with a few of the earlier reviews about the tire sensor system. It is very touchy and the light goes on all of the time. Now that I just rotated my tires, it doesn't happen quite so often, but it is annoying. On top of that, in the MN cold weather, the radio doesn't turn on when starting the car - just makes a static sound so I have to turn it off until the engine warms up. Haven't brought that to the attention of my dealer yet. Otherwise, this is a smooth ride and I get lots of compliments on how it looks. I feel very safe in it, too!
I thought I would update my 01/21/08 review to help fellow readers; my ratings have been adjusted a little bit. Since Jan '08 I have added a complete Magnaflow exhaust system, K&N intake, and had the car extensively dynotuned. I realize these are steps most owners will not take to fully explore the SS's capabilities, but if you do-- wow! Highway MPG is up slightly, 0-60 times are down to the low 5's, HP is now around 335. Friends and clients often ask to drive the car; they love the room, the power, and how tight the car feels. My SS is Silverstone Metallic & garners many "That's so classy!" comments. The only downside is that I've had the steering shaft replaced under warranty. 
My wife is in sales and needed a larger car to drive clients around and to carry lots of product samples. So we got the 2LT with leather, sunroof, blue tooth connectivity, dual climate zones etc. This revised Impala is nice looking and very comfortable to ride in. The 3.9l engine has good power and still gets 24.5mpg on Dallas freeways. In city traffic, it gets about 21MPG. 
Excellent build car by Chevrolet. I love to drive this car. Very comfortable and quiet. Excellent gas mileage for large car
This car is a great value. 300 Hp and styling that will not get the attention of local law enforcement. I have been very pleased with this vehicle. It is true that the car has torque steer, but I have found that you get used to it very quickly. When I was looking for a vehicle I needed 5 things, under 20k, front wheel drive, auto, 4 doors and 300+ hp. There is no other vehicle that can match thoese requirements.
Rear wheels not adjustable for alignment. Had tire dealer put adjustments on aftermarket. GM would not support this action after-the- fact. Heard of police car recall in effect for a similar problem but GM would not standby or admit to failure of virtually same problem on my vehicle.They did not allow under Chevy extended warranty. Required new intermediate steering shaft at 57,000 miles. Drivers door leaks during rain. 
I bought this car because of the high safety ratings. It proves to be a well built and reliable car. It has a nice exterior design, classy look, without being too trendy. The interior is very nice. I love the dash with the woodgrain interior. This car offers lots of room inside and has ample trunk space. The V6 engine makes this car a joy to drive. I love the alloy wheels and the design of the car. The bold look of the car is very sophisticated. I went into a store and bought a six foot long plant, to my suprised this fit in the inside of the car. I didn't need to use the trunk. Good gas mileage, smooth ride, nice design and reliable. Who could ask for more? Now I want the 2010!
I bought this car last summer and have had several problems ever since. The tires and its sensors have been going bad since day one. Had all sensors and tires replaced. At 16K miles, the AC compressor went out and busted the drive belt. Transmission leaks in the upper seal and gasket, which I took care of in my mechanic shop. Suspension was replaced on the left side due to a minor accident, but it's still not the same. I'm really disappointed with this vehicle. I've wasted a lot of time getting this car in and out of the shop. Both my parents have new Chevys and that's all we've owned. I guess I just got the bad one in the bunch.
Rides and handles like a Cadillac for tens of thousands less. The 3.5 vvt gives me 24 in the city and 32 on the road with gasoline. 3600 lbs and excellent mileage. The body styling is what attracted me to this American marvel.
I was attracted to this car by the advertised fuel economy (32 highway), the exterior looks, and roomy trunk. I am very dissappointed in the fuel economy & performance. In reality it averages about 26-27 MPG on the highway. Also I find that the car is not very responsive & often I am flooring it to get enough pickup to pass on the highway. And worst of all, I am thinking of replacing it soon and it has lost mot of it's value. In fairness to the car, it has been very reliable and I feel it is built solid but it is not very fun to drive and I wouldn't recomend it to anyone who is looking for something more sporty.
I love this car. It is comfortable, elegant interior, and the performance is excellent. My last three cars were Acura TL's (02 Type S, 04 and 05). I loved them but have had my eye on an Impala for awhile and decided to give it a try. I think this car compares equally well in just about every category. I miss the bluetooth of the TL, but the ride is much more comfortable. Not quite as sporty as the TL, but still fun to drive and the 3.9 engine performance is outstanding. MPG has be great. Average over 30 on the hwy and low 20's in town. Excellent for the size of the car. The car is an absolute pleasure and has restored my faith in GM. 
I believe the Impala is the best buy in its class for the buck. This vehicle has great performance and fuel mileage. I average 20-21mpg in town with the 3.9 engine. I do not do a lot of highway driving, but a friend of mine has a 2008 Impala and he says he gets anywhere from 31-34 mpg on the highway with non ethanol gas. So far I have had no problems with this car. I believe the styling is great and have read there is one more year of this style before a body change.If you are looking for a full size car I blieve you cannot go wrong with the Chevrolet Impala.
I had purchased on 06 Impala SS. What a dud, handled poorly, terrible torque steer. Got rid of it and bought 07 Impala 3.5 FFV which handled much better than the SS! Very functional, geographically challenged wife loves turn by turn navigation and XM radio. Gets good mileage and is well equiped for safety. Glad I got the FFV which is about 4 mpg less than regular but at over a buck difference it is worth it.
Have just shy of 64,000 miles on my company car. What's not to like? Gas mileage is unbelievable in such a large car, easy 30+ on the highway! Decent looks, comfortable, and safe. Huge trunk, lots of room. Water pump had to be replaced at 60,000 miles, which was odd, but other than that, no problems. Will order a new one at 100,000 miles. 
I leased my LTZ in March of 2007. I love almost everything about it, the only problems that I have is a persistent knocking sound in the rear of the car, and the suspension is a tad soft for my driving habits (which was fixed for the 2008MY with the FE3 suspension). Comfortable cruiser on the highway, which is important for me given my commute. Great car overall; I get a lot of positive comments from random people about how nice it looks. 
The 2007 has lost of neat extras and they are mostly driver enhancements such as direction, mpg avg, mpg instant, temp outside, etc. I will be honest and say that I like the interior lay-out of my old 2003 Impala much better and this car seems smaller inside. But, I do like the steering wheel in the 2007 over the 2003 model, more comfy on the hands. The trunk is definitely smaller and does not have the back seat pull downs that allow access to the trunk or longer storage for those items that just don't quite fit in the trunk. The exterior of the 2007 is more sleek and sporty but I really like the look of my old 2003 better. The car is still amazing on mileage as I generally avg 30+ mpg. 
Electronic nightmare started with tire monitor system and went downhill from there. Dealers don't know how to fix. Replaced multiple transmissions. Had to sell after 18 months. Spent more time in the shop than on the road. A little more cash will buy a reliable BMW. Don't waste time on the SS.
Traded in a 2004 Impala for my 2007. Loved my 2004 so I figured how could I go wrong? Well, I was wrong. Very disappointed in my 2007. Seats (leather) are terribly uncomfortable, radio reception stinks, gas mileage not what I expected. My '04 with a 3.8 V6 got better gas mileage than this 3.5 V6 does. Terrible. Down to 22 mpg. If I need to pick up speed quickly it hesitates before it decides to go anywhere. Not enough storage space for CD's, etc. Wish I'd kept my '04. 
My wife and I have owned several Chevys in the last 30 years and the 07 Impala is the best. We average 27 mpg and on the highway if we run around 65 mph can easily get 30 mpg. There have been zero quality problems and I believe that this car is the most "bang for the buck". I have been telling family, friends and strangers about this car. Wish I was selling them. Car sells itself. 
This is a company car and I've put 45k on it in 15 months. Had problems with tires and they don't seem to keep in balance. Lot's of car for the money and the gas mileage is excellent for the size of car. Six cylinder is peppy and relatively smooth. Went from a Lexus to this car, but not too bad for the cost of the car.
Purchased new 11/06,16,000 miles now. Running well, battery died 07/07, replaced under warranty. Fuel mileage about the same as '98 Lumina LTZ at 20 mpg mixed driving. The 3.9L engine has plenty of go. Wish that the interior had more space with smaller driver middle console and more rear foot room. Power seats really reduce the rear foot room. Have had several chips in the windshield, very odd. Re-circulation of cabin air now runs compressor hot or cold (same as air conditioner or defroster running) takes away fuel efficiency. Active fuel management is a joke. Hate traction control, but at least can turn off. Air filter location tight. Wind noise not good, door hanging quality poor
Great American cruiser, not small but not too big, fit and finish is perfect. Purchased used with 14,000 miles ex rental car and still no rattles leaks. Prefer the previous body style however the quality of this car is impressive.
This is my wife's car but I think I put 60% of the miles on it. Bought in 11/06 and have 16,000 miles and I love the way she drives. My wife just mentioned the other day about getting new car with better gas mileage, it is hard trying to be light footed it is to much fun driving even for her. She got her first speeding ticket recently after 28 years of driving. not one problem with this car yet. Hope to have for many years. 
We owned 2005 Impala; loved the car. No trouble with it. Bought a 2007, was told it was a program car, later found it was titled to a rental car company. Since we bought it, we have had it in the shop 3 times for steering. The last time, they had to replace the gear box and pump. It has 35,000 miles so is barely under warranty. Apparently the steering cannot be fixed. Still steers okay sometimes, not okay others. Intermittently radio has no sound, you can turn station selector and change volume control. Service dept. can't duplicate. The heater has also done this, but not for the same length of time. Gas mileage is horrible and gets worse with each fill up. Down to 22 mpg.
After riding in many friends Impalas, we decided to purchase one. The first time we sat in the car--uncomfortable seats. No headroom for hubby and absolutely no space for passengers in the back seat! Trunk can hold an army. Side view mirrors are quite small, beverage holder poor. A low ride. Large blind spot. Will trade this in soon for another Chevrolet of some type.
Purchased LT3 with 3.9. Thought it was a classy car and good value. Performance is more than adequate for V6 but mileage is very disapointing. Previous car was 03 Impala with 3.4 which would easily get over 30 mpg on highway with high of 37mpg. I have to drive my 07 LT3 carefully to get 24/25mpg on the highway. I would think that with the technology Chevrolet put into this car - cylinder deactivation and variable valve timing - the 3.9 engine would do far better. Even my old 3.8 litre cars got better mileage than the 3.9 engine. Road noise and wind noise are also excessive. Too bad they couldn't get it right. This could have been a great car. Sorry, but my 2003 Impala was better.
On the heels of 15k miles, this adequate vehicle continues to provide just enough to keep us positive about the purchase. Just some front axle noise and a/c fan whine remind us that at this price point you get some irritants. Tat's just how things seem to shake out with the domestics of our time. You know, you hear something weird and think about taking it in while under warranty but somehow know you will really be wasting your time and effort in doing so because the thing still goes in gear and drives. It's generally as good as new, getting 29.5 hwy. mpg, clips along good enough on trips. Not a stand out by any means but adequately comfortable/economical.
We've taken the SS on road trips that include interstate and winding mountain roads. The V8 responds immediately and brings back memories of the old Chevy muscle cars. Fuel mileage is a little disappointing, but it's hard not to get on the accelerator when you have the chance. 
First review was at 8800 miles; now 19250 miles. Car is excellent. No problems whatsoever. Gas mileage still a lousy 22-23 mpg no matter how driven. Just ordered a 2008 2LT for wife with same 3.9 engine. 2008 has stabilitrak which wasn't available in '07 so that is great news. Overall, the Impala provides excellent value for the money. Reliable, problem-free, great Bose stereo/XM radio. My wife's 2008 Impala will be our 8th Impala since 2000. Love it!
The Impala LTZ is a solid value with good performance with the 3.9 V6, which comes from it's older brother the rock solid 3.8. Styling is nice inside and out, but I would think for the price Chevy would offer climate control, a coin holder and better outside mirrors. I opted for the LTZ over the SS, due in part to the tires are cheaper to replace, the V6 runs good enough for any need I will ever have.
I bought this car in a hurry, my Nissan pick up quit. I liked the styling and after test driving, found the Impala to be a blast. I bought the base LS. No anti lock brakes or fold down seat. I knew that going in. Buyers need to beware of what they buy. I love this car and if it holds up as well as my Lumina did, I'll be tickled. The 3.5 v- 6 does a good job and being able to burn E-85 is good and gas mileage penalty is not too bad.
I waited a full year to review my 2007 LTZ. I have had no problems with it, with mixed driving I get 25 to 26 MPG. Straight highway driving I can get as good as 30-32 MPG. I change the oil regularly maintain the proper tire pressure and keep the engine tuned. This is my first Chevy in 20+ years of driving and I am really happy with it. The 2008's have the AFM and flex fuel on the 3.9L which is an added bonus for the eco minded consumer. I have no vibrations, squeaks, or any other odd noises.
We have an ?06 Hemi Charger and an SS; the Charger is my spouse?s, and the SS was a replacement for a company car I had. I did not want another Charger, so I went looking for a conservative looking sedan I could take clients out in during the week, yet still have fun with on the weekends. I think the SS has satisfied both criteria. Notes for performance buffs: installing the $20 GM strut tower brace from a 1999 Buick Regal GS in both the front and back significantly reduces body roll. Second: Taking 20 minutes to swap the soft rubber upper motor mount bushing for a stiffer one will greatly reduce the driveline lash w/o sacrificing comfort. Third: you'll love the sound at wide open throttle! 
For $409/mo (no money down lease) you will not find a better value. I've had many cars; American, Japanese, and European. My Porsche 928 was a little nicer, but not nearly as practical or reliable. The SS is like a 4 door Vette that you can take the kids to school with. It's my daily drive, and I get 22+ mpg, squeeked out 28 on all highway @70mph, Comfortable for 5 people, huge trunk, Bose Sound-system.
My husband and I absolutely love this car! There really are only a few minor complaints: the sun-visors have a poor design, the cruise doesn't hold as well as I would like, and the road noise is more than in other similar models. Otherwise, this is a great engine with lots of torque, the fuel mileage with the VVT can get up to 33mpg on the highway (with the wind at your back...30 otherwise), and the interior is very comfortable. The lumbar support is fantastic. We made a long road trip this past Christmas, and I am pregnant, and I did not get back pain at all. The fold down back seats were great for transporting stuff. Oh, and my husband loves the remote start in the cold weather!
I was originally looking at a Dodge Magnum RT, but was very surprised when I drove this car! For $10,000 less than a comparable Magnum, I got a 300hp V8, good looks and a lot of room. This car hauls and the glorious exhaust note never fails to satisfy me. Better gas mileage than I anticipated. I would like to see some stiffer springs/shocks to tighten up the body roll, but all in all, this is one terrfic value. 
Traded a BMW 3 Series for the Impala. Best value for a sports sedan with plenty of legroom and trunk space.
Fun car to drive. No complaints other than a very minor problem with the window stripping and a faulty gas cap. 
This car was built to drive! Speed, performance plus, quality, there's nothing negative about this car. When the Chargers came out I loved the new look... but I am so glad I waited for this dream car! Looks better, drives faster!
Not completely sold on the looks. Chevy keeps going back to the front ends which remind me of a futuristic robot head. Looked great on the 80's Cavaliers, but looks dated now. The over all ride is probably as smooth as a large car ride can get without sacrificing control/road grip. The gas mileage is incredible for a car this size. It manages the same mileage that my economy car gets, but in this case I have increased comfort, leather heated seats and many other luxuries. It uses standard grade fuel. 
The LTZ was a nice update from the 2005 model. Tighter in every way, better styling inside and out, but the 3.9 AFM, with only an MPG of,(22-24), has me longing for the 3.8! Or, for a few grand more..."I could of had a V8!" To coin the ad. The outside mirrors could be a touch larger and I would give up a couple of inches of trunk spce for more rear leg room. Also, the drink holder. Need one in the rear and a better one in front. All in all a nice car that I will keep around for the time being. I bought it with six thousand miles from a used car store for only 16,800 plus tax and so on.
I have really enjoyed this so far. The car has great performance, the engine responds quickly. I like that the car gets good gas mileage. I am averaging 30 mpg.
This car is roomy, very comfortable and nice to drive. A few more places to store items woud be nice. Maybe a second glove box under the dash. It is a little difficult to get in and out of, (old guy) but once in it's great!
I waited to write this after owning the Impala for 1 year. I have not been at the dealer since, as I have had not one single problem. It has great power and is fun to drive. Lacking rear room, and front seats are not as comfortable as other cars. All in all a good car.
Have had this car for 10 months now and very pleased; this is the vehicle that GM should have been producing for years. Get the ABS/traction control option. My 40-mile drive to work is largely on rural highways and if I set the cruise at 55 mph it will flirt with (and often exceed) 40 mpg on a mild day. Attarctive styling and color; no prblems. Excellent value for the money. My friends have been very impressed.
I bought this car for the economy after owing an SUV gas guzzler, I was not disappointed! Gets between 25 and 32 mpg. I have a shake in the car though that the dealer has not been able to get out after 5 visits and two new sets of tires. Love the car but hate the shake, seems like a quality control issue.
I love the way this car handles and the ability to just move out with the slightest touch of the gas. It is very fun to drive and it is very nice to look at. I look forward to going to work every morning just so I can drive my car. 
The car provides a great ride and has good horsepower. It is the perfect family car with plenty of trunk space. It is a well built car with a very solid ride and a comfotable interior.
This is a decent car for the money. It has its quirks as most cars do, but it's a good value. It rides and handles smoothly. I only gave the car a seven for build quality as after only six months the car began dripping transmission fluid. A trip to the dealer let us know the transmission casing needed to be replaced. The car was at the dealer for a week although they did provide a loaner. Other then that its holding up well.
I have had a '60, '64SS '71 '77 '89 '95 and now an '07 Impala. I have it 10 months now and I have to say, I'm impressed. Sufficient power, comfortable front seats, road driving 32. In town, 26 average. Actually quieter than my '03 Mercury Marquis. Probably the best (mileage car) I have ever owned. By the way, I have a contact in Oshawa Canada where these are made and I am told the Impala quality control is strict and tight with constant inspections. It's not Grandpa's old big monster Impalas, but I am rolling with the times and this looks like a winner.
This is a company car for me. I travel a lot and it's about 40% city mileage and 60% highway. I seldom drive over the posted speed limit and have been rewarded with hwy mileage as high as 36 MPG RT from Houston to New Orleans. Most trips 31-33 MPG I have had lots of different company cars and this one is the best ever. I've yet to find a convenient E85 station so it's been all regular gas, so far. Trunk is spacious. Flip and fold seats are great. Aux input for iPod is nice. No problems yet, with just over 30K 1st year. This car is a winner! 1st time I ever had a basic model that gets compliments about how good it looks from strangers. The best Impala ever! A keeper!
I previously owned an 03 Impala and the 07 is a much better car. It has much more power and gets great mileage. The interior is great except for the faux wood trim. The exterior has nice lines and it is a sharp looking car. The flex fuel feature is neat, but E85 has mileage limitations. The traction control is improved and you don't notice when it engages like the 03. The rear seats fold down which is nice, the 03 that I owned did not have this feature. As soon as I took delivery, we drove from Chicago to DC. I had 4 adults and a child and everyone was quite comfortable. I love this car.
I traded in a 2000 Corvette for this car and I am very pleased. I have had far fewer regrets about giving up the C5 because of the Impala's goodness. The Short Block V-8 sounds great and the car is extremely fast. It handles very well for a family sedan, and though it is not a Corvette, it is still a lot of fun to drive and is far easier to live with day-to- day without giving up all of the "fun factor". Pay attention to this one, if you want practical and sporty! I have a hard time remembering that it is a front drive car- very neutral compared to some other front drivers I've had, unless I really floor it hard from 0 mph. Build quality is excellent-no defects. Great Job Chevy!
Great power--surprised me when I had to use it. 21mpg w/ a/c, 26-30 w/o. A little too much noise for me interior at 60+mph, but then depends on roadway-- why whine, huh?, but great traction, room for 3 in backseat, but a little cramped for 6 ft tall people--trunk not squared at backseat junction. Never used OnStar so far, so dunno if I need it yet. Controls well positioned, easy to operate. Have about 8K miles on it so far with only oil change and tire rotation--no other problems. When I go to dealership, always look in repair lot to 07 Impalas, very little there and customers I talk to are pleased w. their Impala's. When I reach 15K miles will write another review. 
Very nice car for the money. Fast comfortable and better fuel economy than I would have expected. Combined fuel economy has been 19mpg..have gotten as high as 28.9mpg on the highway. Wanted to buy a Chrysler 300C but decided to keep the $10k in the bank. I have not had any problems with the car and would recommend an Impala to anyone. High praise from a Mopar buyer. For a front driver with a V8 the torque steer is not all that objectionable. I wanted to buy an American car and after 31000+ miles I am happy with my decision. 
Very good car! Ethanol (E85) compatible with good miles per gallon. Spacious and quiet interior make this a joy to drive. Traction control and excellent crash safety ratings makes this a good all around car! Sleek and stylish exterior puts the competition to shame!
My wife and I both drive Impalas and the LTZ is our 7th Impala since 2000. By far, this LTZ is superior to all the others. Power, styling, comfort, Bose sound system (fantasic); overall a great car. Gas mileage, however, is a disappointing 22-23 mph no matter how it is driven. Although it has 233 hp, would expect better mileage. This car is loaded with every option, including the fire engine red tintcoat paint. The car turns heads; hopefully not the State trooper's (LOL). Have 8600+ miles on it since April 25 with no problems whatsoever. 
I looked at lots of cars before chosing the Impala. Hondas and Toyota's don't stack up in the quality and solid feel when you close the doors. Auto insurance is also lower than buying foreign, I checked with insurance companies to help decide which car was the least expensive to own.
LS model has everything I wanted, including power seats. great heavy-feel ride in a lightweight car. Qualfity excellent, standary radio very good. Gas mileage as posted (21, 32). One long trip in my 3000 miles. First GM car in 30 years, having bought mostly Japanese. Test drove Camry, Accord, Saturn. This had the best ride.
After having a van for my last 3 vehicles and wanting to get back to a sedan, I had a decision to make. My final decision was the Chevrolet Impala LT2. After having the vehicle for 4 months, I have generally been very impressed in most phases. At this point I am very happy with the car. I rate it a 9 out of 10.
Driver information panel is conveniently in driver's view. Steering wheel controls are convenient and easy to see.
Have been stranded twice with this vehicle. In both instances it was the security system that failed. It wouldn't allow the engine to start. Upon replacing the failed security system electronics, other electronics controlling the anti-lock brakes and tire pressure monitor subsequntly failed. Have problems with the front passenger's side suspension (rattles) that are still not resolved. Vehicle was at the dealer for repairs to the suspension issue when it was discovered that the steering rack and axles needed replacement (this occurred at around 12,000 miles). Mileage when using E-85 falls by about 35% but vehicle operates fine with this fuel. Average vehicle, nothing special
This car is a dream to drive. Though we have only had it for a few weeks, we already love this car. Much better equipped than any other in it's class for the money. Would buy again. 
Expected better mileage on the highway. Window sticker shows 27, not even getting 20 as of right now. Engine wants to stall at stop lights with air on max. Water gets inside door frame when washing car, have to dry out inside of door frame. Sometimes there's lifter or valve rattling. Too much power for a front wheel drive vehicle, can get away on you if not careful. 
I bought my 2007 Malibu LTZ in September 2009 with 22100 miles. Very clean and sporty. Stereo system sounds great. Only problem is when I'm driving on the highway an annoying rattle comes and goes under the dashboard. Sounds like a leaf stuck in the vent but it's not. It sounds like it is coming from the heating/cooling system. I noticed many others had same complaints of an annoying rattle under the dashboard. 
I bought a used Malibu recently. This vehicle has been a pleasure since day 1. I've had it into them for general maintenance and each experience has been great. The buying experience was also first rate. 
Being retired, I picked this used car in mind that it is probably the last car I will have. I have only driven a 1,000 miles but am impressed with gas mileage (28 mpg) around town. The front seat console is poorly designed and I don't seem able to have things easily at my reach. The heater/vent area has a vibration that is annoying and comes and goes when you least expect it. I know if I have it checked out, there will be another vibration when they put it back together so will live with it. The access panel on the passenger side keeps falling off since it is only held there with velcro tabs. Time will tell if I like car. It will have to go some to compete with my 1996 Olds (best car).
First of all it is great on gas mileage (I have the 2.2 ECO-TEC), I got 500+ miles out of a tank once on a straight interstate trip, usually get 350-375 miles or so with mixed driving. It is fun to drive, very responsive and handles very well. I live in an area where there is some snow in the winter and I have yet to have a problem getting around when the roads are snow/slush covered. Outside the car really isn't much to look at but it isn't an eye sore either. The interior is about the same, fairly plain, not great looking but it's not terrible either. The seats are comfortable enough and there is ample room in the back for passengers. 
This is my first Chevy and so far I have not had a problem. I have read the other reviews and it seems that the people with the LT 2.2 seem to be the most pleased with their vehicle. The gas mileage is good and this car is a lot more comfortable than the Mazda I had before. I think if Chevy can continue to improve its cars this will not be my last Chevy. Good luck and safe driving to everyone who purchased this car, so far I love Malibu.
I am in the U.S Army and have to run back and forth between places a lot of the time. The MPG is a major plus. I love the Malibu and have not had any problems with it at all since I have bought it. 
I haven't enjoyed driving this car very much at all. The steering wheel is very large and hard to turn sharply. The acceleration is poor and when going up even the slightest hill it loses at least 10 miles per hour. The interior is well made and comfortable except for the material that covers the seats. I haven't had any mechanical problems but there is a constant rattle after you hit 45mph and it won't stop. The outside is very plain and doesn't appeal to the eye. It just isn't that great of a car. 
I purchased this vehicle for a daily commute of fifty miles. I had been driving a Mitsubishi Galant with 120000 miles on it. My Malibu had 27,800 miles when I bought it off lease. So far I have driven over 1000 miles and have discovered that my mileage at 45mph is 43 mpg, at 55 mph its 39mpg and at 70 mph it is 35 mpg. I am overly pleased with the mpg as well as the ride. I am 6'3 and 280 pounds and I have tons of leg room in the front drivers area. It is a lot of fun to drive and will probably purchase another one
I love my Chevy Malibu. I thought at first it would drive boring. But this car is impressive. I was hit the first week I had it from behind. The car did not even dent, but I still had the bumper and the underneath frame straightened. Great gas mileage. Can be sporty depends on the model. I feel that it's a great car to pass down to my teenage daughter. 
I was recently in a car accident do to steering wheel locking up and being unable to steer car. Front axle broke and A arm broke GM sent out an inspector which they determined the reason this happened was that I had hit a curb and that is why it happened. I refuse to believe that and am very unhappy with there answer. I can't believe that such a reputable company has let me down. I also can't believe that they told me that this problem had never been reported when in fact I have found many complaints on the internet about the same thing I really do not feel comfortable in this car anymore and will never purchase any vehicle from GM. I really think they need to look into this and recall cars
I'd rented a 2007 Malibu when my last car was being repaired, and I was so surprised that a GM product was so nice! So when it came time to buy a new car, this was my first choice. First the pluses: Mileage is well over 30 on hilly terrain. Downers: I've had to have the steering column replaced once and serviced a second time, and disturbing noises (under-the-hood rattle, dashboard rattle) developed rather soon after my purchase. The thing that really makes the car seem cheap is that writing keeps rubbing off seldom-used controls, particularly on the stereo. This will make the second radio replaced for that reason. Great ride, except that I worry about durability.
I needed a cheap, economical company vehicle and chose the Malibu over Japanese competitors. It is averaging 33+ mpg on highway commuting and 29 to 30 in town. The car is comparable or better than anything built by other car companies in its price range. You get what you pay for and the Malibu is tough to beat for its price.
I only have 4000 miles on my Malibu car and I have an anti theft malfunction. The car just dies on you and you have to have it towed to the dealership each time it happens. GMC has not offered a recall on this problem and there are hundreds of complaints online about the same problem. I'm not happy with it because of this problem and also because once you're on the freeway you can't have the windows open as you can with Fords and other cars. The car starts vibrating and making an awful sound so you have to shut the windows. This was a very costly experience and I regret changing from 40 years with Ford. 
I bought this car and it was great. I loved it. First i oswned all Japanese cars such as Toyota, Honda etc, I think that the American car such as Chevy are way better in terms of performance and design. This car has a really powerful engine (Ecotec 2.2 cylinder) for a mid-size car. I love it. I would highly recommend it to everyone. It is a great buy. Great car, great design, great performance, great reliability. So many words to describe a wonderful car. Highly recommended.
I do a lot of driving for business so I needed an inexpensive car that got good gas mileage and would be reliable. I got a great deal on the 07 because the 08s were coming to the dealer lots. The car now has 21000 miles on it with no problems at all. 95% of miles are highway and I have averaged around 31mpg at 70-75mph. The front seats need more padding and the car doesn't like the wind on the interstate. Overall the car has been great and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a good solid car and doesn't want to break the bank.
Before I bought this car I hated driving and this car has completely turned that around. This car is so easy to drive, its quiet, fast, and comfortable, I really feel safe driving it, and the bun warmers are the best. This car also does great in the snow I did not even need studs. I really recomend this car for overall value, one thing though it has a rattle noise when the fan is on. Great car though!
Bought this car with about 2,000 miles on it, had it for about a year and put around 17,000 miles on it myself. The leg-room is one of the main reasons I bought it as I'm a tall guy, the pedals can even be lowered via a button on the dashboard(may be an option.) Accelleration is good/OK, not as good as my old Buick Regal GS but sufficient. Outside styling is nice and somewhat mean-looking/old muscle car style. The seats may be a little hard for some but so far no problems on long trips and very pleased. As far as reliability goes, no problems except excessive brake squeek which has all but gone away since the odometer read around 15,000 miles. I give it a B! 
We have 3 kids and this car provides plenty of leg room for all of us. It drives smoothly and has been completely dependable. We have saved no telling how much in fuel costs since buying this car.
I bought my 2007 in Aug. of this year and have loved driving it every since. After driving nothing but mini vans and SUVs for over 20 years it is nice to be saving money at the gas pumps. The car is also fun to drive, sporty looking,but appropriate for those of us over 40. I have not had a chance to drive it in the snow yet so that is my only concern since I have a long commute to and from work and I am used to vehicles that sit higher off the ground.
This company car is poorly designed.Door hinges cheap, front end replaced in 38,00 miles as was the a/c compressor, rotors, and wiper mechanism. There is a flutter in the a/c vent that no one can explain and is noisy. Others with our company have similiar problems so this is not a one caro thing. Also pwer steering problems with some
I am 55 years old and have owned all brands of cars, including new Mercedes. Although the car is new and therefore reliability cannot be determined, the first impression is very favorable. The car is refined, comfortable, and tight. It gives the impression of solidity. The paint and finish are top notch. Sitting position is upright. Frankly, I couldn't believe it was such a nicely designed car, European-like. All options you would want are standard, except for the safety package which is standard next year. Safety ratings are excellent. Time will tell about reliability, but out of the box its pretty much a home run. 
My first car was a '68 Malibu. Yeah I know its a Chevelle, but to me it is and always will be a Malibu! I just traded in my '02 for the '07 Malibu SS. Wow! I love the pick up. I love the four wheel brake system! A lot roomier than the '02. The only thing I don't like is the boxy look. But after test driving it....it was mine! And I only went to the car lot to see if they had the new '08 models on the lot yet!
All i can say I love my Malibu. I did a lot of research on this car, and when I sat in it I knew it should be mine. I had also had been looking at the Ford Focus when I pulled in the Ford lot to tell them I decided on the Chevy. I received nothing but compliments.
I purchased my Malibu on July 6, 2007 and am extremely happy with it. The build quality, i.e. fit, finish and mechanics are exceptional! I was very surprised with how powerful the 2.2 four cylinder is. This car handles very well and is fun to drive! I needed a fuel efficient car since I drive 80 miles a day to work and Chevy did not disappoint with an average of 28.5 miles per gallon. An exceptional value. 
This car handles great and gets 32 mpg hwy with a 3.5 engine. I like the European look especially in the silver color. Also has sunroof and spoiler. Great price compared to others in its class. (About 4000 less than book because it was a buy back). The electric power steering motor had to be replaced right off the bat but it was done quickly and there has been no trouble since. My wife and I took on a steep and winding country road when trying it out and we were hooked.
I rented this car for a very long road trip(3500 miles)with no expectations whatsoever. At first I was somewhat put off by the lack of pizzaz both inside and out, but the car quickly won me over. It was more comfortable than my Honda pilot for long travel, and the gas mileage was exceptional for a full size car at 37 for pure highway driving and no worse than 33 in mixed driving. It also performed well in the mountains, had a good stereo and not much road noise. It lacked some electronic features, the cup holders are inconvenient, and had a small b/t seat storage compartment. Overall a good solid, no frills auto. 
I was greatly impressed with all aspects of the car except for one problem, a grunting or rumph noise in the rear breakes when the brakes were applied at a full stop. The dealer has removed the noise with brake repair. Unfortunatley the dealer found the same problem on another unsold Malibu on the lot. So as a warning to other potential buyers, in your test drive with radio and air condioning off, listen for this noise when making a full stop, especially when releasing the brake before moving on.
We had bought the car off the show room floor. And the next day I had to take it back because it was pulling to the right. Then two days later I had to take it back again because there was a wobble coming from the front in. I'm a first time buyer and not too happy.
I have owned my car for a little over 4 months and the more I drive it, the more I like it. I love all of the feaures on this car, especially the remote start and heated seats. The car drives very well and has a lot more room than you would expect for a mid sized car. It drives great and has handled all sorts of weather including snow with no problems. It truly is a really nice car with a lot going for it!
When I went to buy a car, I had a few in mind. My original list consisted of a Camry, Accord, Malibu, and an Altima. The new Camry was well, a Camry. The only V6 in my price range was the LE (good luck finding one with a V6), that's not much. The Accord was refurbished but basically the same car from 4 years ago. The Altima was a skiddish car and I would have been buying a used 3.5. The Malibu SS had everything I wanted except a sunroof, standard. 18in wheels, 4 wheel disc, abs, side airbags (5* crash test), sport suspension, remote start, climate control, cruise control, three spoke wheel. Since it was a really big dealership needing every sell it could get, I was able to haggle it to 22k!
Nice car for the price value. Surprised at standard options in a low priced car for it's category. The seats are very comfortable. As I'm 5'-4" with the standard feature driver seating adjustments a taller person would be just as comfortable. Rear seating is roomy and comfortable. I am dissappointed however with my overall city driving mpg. I currently am getting 21.5 mpg and I don't drive over 35 mph. Does this car require a "breaking in period" to realize the advertised 24mpg, or better? 
Drove the Malibu 3500kms in three weeks, in town and on the highway. It`s an excellent daily driver, comfortable and roomy with adequate power, acceptable handling, and very good brakes (ABS would help). Found it sensitive to high winds and while the fuel consuption was 8.2L / 100km in town didn`t get any better on the highway. Overal quality, performance, comfort, styling etc. OK, but not on a par with the Hyundai Sonata!
After 2,000 miles there have been no problems. 26 mpg avg for city driving. The 4 cylinder has plenty of pep. Nice set of standard features on the base model plus we really like the 5 star safety rating for side impact when equiped with full side curtain air bags.
After 2,000 miles there have been no problems. 26 mpg avg for city driving. The 4 cylinder has plenty of pep. Nice set of standard features on the base model plus we really like the 5 star safety rating for side impact when equiped with full side curtain air bags.
This is one of the best cars I have owned in my entire life. If I could get my husband to buy me another one I would. I love my car and I want another one just to go to church in only on Sunday and nothing else. Great car, great design, good on my budget. Thank you GM.
With VVT it is very peppy. Not as economical as our 2004. Very roomy. Many good features like traction control and ABS. Has all air bags. Very quiet. So far no defects. I like the styling and new color, Amber Bronze. New position of nets in luggage compartment is very useful. Good build quality.
I have read allot about the engine in this car (ecotech) and have heard nothing but good comments about it. I know they have increased the power in this engine to 900 HP for racing, so I believe this engine will work for me. Maybe it will come. However, I presently have allot of power for what I need. It is hard to keep this car at 55 MPH with barely touching the gas pedal. It passes very easily. It looks great. Runs smooth and quiet. People have asked me what kind of car is it. They are surprised when I tell them it is a Malibu. I presently get 33.8 MPG combined.
I have only had my vehicle for about 2 weeks, but I love it! I am a little disappointed that it does not have the tracking feature as the other Malibus have had. But I am looking forward to a long and happy time with this car.
I purchased this car used from a dealership, with 32k miles on it. I also own a 2005 Malibu sedan. I immediately noticed a clunking sound coming from the steering column when turning the wheel at low speeds. This is a sound I also noticed in my 2005 Malibu. I took it back to the dealer and they had to lubricate the intermediate shaft in the steering column. The shades to the sunroof also broke, so they ordered new ones for me as well. The car is comfortable, rides well and has good acceleration with the 3.5 liter V6. I don't understand how some people here are getting 29 mpg however, because I am getting about 18 mpg in mostly city driving. Disappointing mileage. 
I bought this car while I was a salesman at the dealer. Knowing the whole product line, I knew the best value when I saw it. The car has been great. 33.9 mpg on a recent trip to Florida, great in snow. Best brakes I've ever had on a car, great power and economy, cavernous storage space, comfortable seating and great stereo. The rear roof window shades could have been designed better, and there is a noise in the front end over bumps, other than that, no complaints, I'd buy another one in a minute. I'm on the road a lot in sales, and since the maxx is no longer available, my next car will probably be an Impala LT with leather.
I bought this dark red 'program car' as an ex-rental with ~10,000 miles on it in December '07. A certified used LT 2007 for $16,000. Great savings off of new and I don't particularly like the looks of the 2008. I love it so much more than the other cars I test drove (new foreign sub- compacts). Quality is on par and you get so much more for your money. Styling is great; mpg decent for V6 power; comfort; utilitarian design; safety features.
I have had my Maxx for 6 months and put 15,000 miles on it due to my commute and the Maxxhas impressed me every one of those miles. The seats are comfortable, the ride is smooth and quiet and most of the controls are easy to reach and read. . . and the sterring wheel radio controls are great. Have not been to the garage except for 2 oil changes. The rear wiper is great in the rain and snow to keep clear view out the back. 
I fell for this car when I found it in the used section of the dealership over a year ago. The XM radio, the wood trim (although it's fake), the zippy way it drives, the dvd player, the two sun roofs... all so neat! But the Maxx has been plagued with problems - mainly electrical. And I have been driving for 10 years with no problems with blowing out the tires, but I have gone through 4 different tires on this car apparently due to my driving (I was driving trucks before). I'm not sure that I would buy this car again. I think I would go for a Honda or Toyota (sorry Detorit). 
Owned this car for over a year now. I had test driven the LS but the LTZ is a class above. I agreed with Edmunds (bland interior for the LS), but found the LTZ felt totally different. The leather wrapped steering felt much more comfortable, and the rest of interior did not feel cheap. Same with the wheels etc. I never read the manual much, so I keep finding new things in the car. When cleaning I found the audio volume control on the steering on the underside of other audio buttons. Recently I found out I could do tap-shift. I could not figure how to operate the +/- buttons earlier till I put the car in L coming downhill - it was so much fun!
I replaced a 2004 Maxx with this 2007 Maxx SS. I was, and am, totally satisfied with the car. Finally a great eye-appealing sport sedan from GM and Chevy decides not to build this model for the 2008 Line-up. To limit production of this model to 3 years is questionable. 
The Malibu Maxx came out of no where while searching car lots, oddly enough it had every feature I wanted and for a very reasonable price. Don't believe the in-dash MPG rating, instead calculate it out yourself. I've found the computer is off by a large margin, including waiting at a light in the MPG calculation. I average (with city and highway) around 26-28 MPG. Great car for a college student like myself or a family just starting out.
After driving foreign built vehicles for the last 18 years, I came across this car at $3000 below blue book and bought it. Had I bothered to check that this garbage can had depreciated $15000 in 3 years, I would have passed. But alas, I didn't, and now I have the pleasure of fixing all the KNOWN GM design problems in the steering column, brake rotors, steering rack, and struts. I have had 1960 era cars with better steering and suspension systems. Of course because GMC is an American company, it is based on greed and not customer care; they refuse to fix/recall any of these problems because not enough people have died in the car. I look forward to the day when I can unload this lemon!
Love the car; chose it over small SUV's and have no regrets. Loads of standard elements like remote start and automatic headlights; hatchback can be reconfigured to haul about anything. Small drawback is the 20mpg mileage with the 6 cyl engine.
First off, the auto press nit-picking about the steering, gruff engine and interior simply are not true. The electric steering is just fine, it adjusts to vehicle speed and there is all the feedback of a hydraulic unit. I notice no difference and I have driven a lot of cars in my life. As for the engine, it's just as quiet and smooth as the V6 in my mom's Lexus RX300. The interior, well, on the LT it's cloth, not leather, but it's just as swank as my work mate's Accord LX - it's workaday, no doubt, but for a mid-line interior it's got what the others do. This car also handles and brakes very well, too. Don't let the press fool you - this car is every bit the equal of it's Japanese competition. 
Very pleased and surpised about the handling and comfortable fit of the seats and placements of all of the controls. Felt like I had this car for years, even though my previous car was a large rear wheel drive, the Malibu took no time getting used to it. 
I drive my Maxx 120 miles a day and I enjoy it very much. It handles great, is comfortable, and I get 29 miles to a gallon. Has style and my coworkers really like it. Some of them have gotten themselves one also. A great unit. Wished more people would try it. They would love it like I do.
I absolutly love this car. It is a great car for the family without taking out style. It has good gas mileage, and I can always rely on it. It's a pleasant suprise. It's a plesure to drive and to look at. It can seat four to five people. It also much better than any SUV!
Have had NO problems with this car. Purchased it used with 11,000 miles on it. The gas mileage is fantastic! I learned a new way to drive by watching the mileage on the information center, and average 30+ per gallon. On a trip, I can get up to 40 mpg! (stay away from the ethanol, it ruins the mileage!)
The greatest thing about this car is blowing by cars that are modded to race. Most don't stand a chance with the hp and torque on this thing. Only one problem with it is that if you drive in salt a lot your rotors rust easily mine after 27k miles but dealer handles that as long as you dont void your warranty. Up to 34 mpg going 60 mph. Headturner no matter where you are. Not to mention the stock 18s look sweet
This is a great driving car. It has a smooth ride without the noise of the road. It has plenty of room both in the front and the back, not to mention the trunk is huge. Most of my friends are rather big and non of them have trouble fitting. I get an average of 18.5 mpg (city/highway) with a K&N air intake but I don't drive much on the highway. I ran a 14.3 @ 100.7 mph at the track when it was stock which was better then my friends stock mustang gt. I have picked it up to 140 after getting tuned and the bigger breaks helped slow this big car down. It dynoed at 287 whp with 264 pounds of torque. I am really impressed with this car and I'm sure anyone else who owns one would agree.
I love my 2007 SS Monte Carlo, we just bought it this month. We already have a 2003 Monte Carlo and since we liked it so much we bought another one. We like the fact that it has a V8 engine. Our first one had a V6 and we really love them for travel and they're beautiful cars.
Purchased new, my second Monte Carlo. The first one is a 2000LS. This 07 LT is garbage. Problems from bad (DIC) few of them, display burns out, replaced all four rims from corrosion already, car creaks like a 10yr old car, cheaper plastics, and low grade leather seating. Maybe they skimped on quality for the last year. Really thought I'd love this one the way I love my old Monte, which I still have.
I love my new car, it is very comfortable. That was the second reason I bought it, first being the overall looks. Mine is black beauty. Only complaint is I am only getting 13 mpg in city.
I have owned three of these Monte Carlo's; A 2000 V-6, a 2003 V-6, and now the 5.3L V-8. The V-8 is an interstate cruiser with it's long wheel base, drivers seat with lumbar adjustments, power and handling - a real joy on a long trip. The mileage running in 4 cylinder mode is impressive. In teh flat lands of Florida on cruise control i achieved 31 mpg!! Pretty amazing out of a 300+ HP V-8. I have added a performance chip from Jet and a K&N cold air intake. I have not had it dyno tested since those mods, but with hightest gas, the results are noticeable - guess 15 to 20 HP. This machine fits my bill and I am very happy with it. I have not seen another like it in Red Jewel paint and bra
This car is great. I love driving it all the time and really enjoy the style and looks of this car. It's still a attention getter. I don't understand why they stopped making it. I am so glad to get the last of them for 2007. Please GM bring this car back. See ya at the dream cruise in 2032 what a classic it will be. Love my Chevy 
I always wanted a Monte Carlo SS and I finally got one. I bought mine used though with only 8k on it. I love every moment in this car, I traded my 2007 Chevy Cobalt SS for it and I'm so glad I did this is a way better vehicle safer and more fun to drive and more room. I actually get better mileage for gas with this one than my Cobalt SS. This is a great vehicle for sure GM got it right with this one for sure to bad they dropped it they should bring it back and have and option for front wheel drive or rear wheel drive. I love everything with this car it is loaded with Leather, a great stereo, sunroof , power under the hood and great looks. It was worth trading that Cobalt SS for, for sure!
What a disappointment! Can't believe I had to replace the steering shaft twice at 700 miles and again at 7800. What was my dream car became my nightmare! Gas mileage is terrible and the stereo reception and speakers are just as bad. 
Since the 60's, I have had muscle cars, none of which were very adequate for daily driving. So, I always had a 2nd car. Well those days are over. This Monte SS drives like a sports car, is a muscle car when you want it to be, and calm as a pussycat when unprovoked. Why would they discontinue such a great car? 
Well I've owned this car for four months and really enjoy it. Gas mileage using regular gas is great 27 city/highway, I get 34 on the highway. Since this car is a Flex Fuel car I started using E-85 and the mileage dropped like 6-8 miles to the gallon which was very disappointing, otherwise this car is great.
This is the 4th Monte Carlo we have owned. We bought this 07 SS after finding out about it being the last year produced. Chevy finally put the engine in it needed and now its dead. After 5 weeks of owning it, i'm still in awe of it! We trade in a very nice 2004 SS for this one. This one is black with most all of the extras on it. This is by far the best car I've ever owned. It gets great mileage for having over 300 hp. So far it has averaged 20.6 in city. The power is just awesome. I removed the mufflers to let it sound better and replaced them with straight 2.250 pipe and reattached the stock tips. This car turns heads evereywhere it goes. We also had a 79 and still have an 86 SS
Front wheel drive is a tradeoff. You can drive in any weather, but under hard acceleration, there's that torques steer. Aside from the whole front wheel drive arguement, this car is fun. It's fast. Priced way below what you'd have to pay for a foreign car this fast. I sold my 99 m-3 because it was undriveable in snow, and totally dangerous in wet weather. This SS Monte does it all, no matter what the weather.
I have been a long GM supporter starting back in the 70's with SS Chevelle's, Z28's, Impala SS and Monte Carlo's. I have also owned many cars from the competition and acurrently own a 2007 Accord V6 Hybrid. With that said, when its time to take a cruise the Monte SS usually leaves the garage first. I am not a big supported of front wheeled cars but Chevy certainly makes this car feel light to handle, while being agressively quick such as a performance car should. The 5.3 engine is perfect for this size car with a exhaust note that can only come out of a big V8. Also on the mileage side I average about 23-26MPG with mixed driving. Not bad for a 300+HP car. Sorry Honda,the wife still loves you
I bought the car it?s a 2007 Monte Carlo and its got 11,000 mil but one thing I notest is that on the steering column there is a knocking sound, When I turn. That is the same type of sound my old Chevy impala which was a 2003 had. And when I took it in to get it check they told me it was some kind of shaft in the steering column. I hope this car will not have that problem. 
I love my new Monte, fun to drive, fast, smooth and comfortable. I owned a 1984 Monte Carlo and love it. This one I will definitely keep.
My new ?07 Monte is so fun to drive I almost bought a SUV but my Monte caught my eye. Its fun to drive looks good, feels good is very dependable fuel economy is good comes standard with great options
We just bought our Monte Carlo and love it. very nice lines and the comfort is remarkable. Very pleased with the engine ,very snappy and good on gas . It is a keeper for sure.
This is the 2nd current generation Monte Carlo I've had. So far this car is great, plenty of comfort features, more than enough power and acceleration, great handling.
I have been leasing a Chevy Monte Carlo for 8 years. I have yet to have had any trouble with the car. The only service I have to do is to change the oil. What better car can there be then this car?
It is a wonderful experience to drive a Monte Carlo SS because it has great horspower and the response to the acceleration is outstanding
My first SS. Handles better than my 1994 Pontiac Firebird, which I truly thought was a great ride. The interest I receive from other cars on the road is very gratifying. Everyrone turns their heads when passing by! I had a Ford GT pull along side of me, and he punched his accelerator, sped ahead of me, I lowered my pedal, and last saw him in my rearview mirror! It is an awesome car, would not consider another one. Too bad that GM is going to discontinue the line after 2008. This car is the car of the future, plus it has great gas saving ability, and all the power you need short of NASCAR!
I just recently purchased a 2007 Monte Carlo SS with a V8. It is very fast and peppy and fun to drive, while also comfortable!
I've had 5 battery failures. The dealer and apparently GM cannot locate the cause. Had to have it towed once. Also, cannot get enough heat in the cabin when driving in cold weather. The dealer looked at this issue twice and found no problem. No more General Motors vehicles for me! Two days ago, I traded this unreliable truck for a 2010 Tundra.
This is a great truck. I had an 2004 F-150 previously and have always been a "Ford" guy. The Chevy rides better, has more power, and gets better gas mileage. I have averaged 17.2 mpg (the computer keeps track for you). If you go down the road at 65 mph you will get 22 mpg with this rig. The only issue I have had with it is the check engine light will come on if the temperature gets down to -15 or worse and there isn't enough fuel in the tank. Problem is solved by filling the tank. The dealer is also willing to fix it but I haven't got around to taking it there since it isn't really a big deal.
love truck. have 50,000 and only problem is rough idle. had at dealer 2 times but no luck. seat really stink but when I checked out 2009, they are the same. gas was a joke. I am very lite footed and get 15 highway. tried towing a car with tow mode and though my trans was going to blow from high rpm so i turned it off and was fine. great parts are power, power. also bottom of tailgate is already starting to rust. I really would buy another one, but with leather seats,
Have NO problems with this truck, except for one. Goodyear tires it came with OEM, are a death threat to who ever is in the truck when ground is wet. I would like to see the CEO of goodyear drive with them on wet ground STAY AWAY from these tires, change them ASAP if you have them. I put General Grabbers on 200% better.
After owning several GM products the latest generation is nothing short of amazing! I went from a 97 GMC pickup, to a 2003 Tahoe, and am now driving a 2007 Silverado Crew Cab Max package. I highly recommend them. I have pulled boats from 30ft down, fully loaded dump trailers and the like with the truck with only the addition of a set of rear airbags and a trailer brake controller. This is absolutely the best vehicle I have ever had to work/play with on the weekend and commute with during the week. I was extremely skeptical of the estimated 19 MPG highway, after owning the rig for over 2 years and 65,000 miles I dont find it far off I usually have a combined fuel average of 15.5+ at fill up!
highway driving causes 3rd gear failure at 35K miles? AC makes noise at "auto" setting and has been replaced once. Ongoing problems. Thank god for the GM warranty. Rear drink holders are fisher-price like. Other than that - interior is pretty good, comfortable, exterior looks like a truck should, XM is great. No blue tooth is crazy but they fixed in later years. Can't understand why GM wouldn't spend the extra $50 and make wheel well inserts standard. Plastic door inserts look like miniature lego pieces ie: cheap as hell. Used to own a Tundra and went domestic to try and help local business but may rethink next time is I keep having problems. At 40,000 miles now. 
I love the way it is designed in and out. It is very powerful and quiet ride, with a lot of features. 
I had this truck for about two years now, and have a 2008 reg cab long bed for a year now with a six engine(6 was not my choice but by the company I worked for) and my 5,3 gets better mileage than it but nowhere near the 20 claimed. But it rides well and can carry everything I have thrown at is so far. Very comfortable on long trips was a ease going all over Texas with style. The computer display gives great information about vehicle status.
74,000 km's and the transmission won't shift gears. I don't tow, I do not beat on it, I take very good care of it and this is how I am repaid. GM needs to put alot more thought into building a reliable truck. My last 2002 silverado was just as big a lemon. And to think I would give Chevy one more chance. I can't wait to see how much this one is going to cost; I'm sure GM will try to get out of the so called warranty.
Purchased this LTZ a month ago and love the smooth ride,interior comfort,feel of the road. Have not pulled my boat yet but it should handle it with ease. Plenty of power. Bose sound system rocks! along with the satellite radio. It takes quite a while to figure out all the buttons and what they control. The driver information system is nice, but unfortunately it shows that the truck doesn't anywhere near the 20 hiway MPG that Chevy and Howie Long brag about!!! Averaging about 15 miles per gallon with 90% hiway driving and feathering the gas pedal.
I bought this truck on March 22, 2007. On May 27, 2007, I was involved in a head-on collision with my family. We were driving about 45 mph and the guy coming to me was driving a Ford Expedition (prob. driving 45 mph also). We ALL walked away from it--my wife, 7 yr old son, 5 yr old daughter, and me. I am in the process of buying another. SAFE SAFE SAFE... Features that I will get this time are a little different. I am getting LTZ, side-curtain safety package, Z71, 18" wheels. I had 17" wheels, but they seem a bit small in the wheel well. I do not like the way the 20" wheels look.
I just purchased an '07 Silverado Ext cab with the 4.8 V8 and 3.23 axle ratio. The fit and finish inside is excellent. I got the Silver Birch Metallic and it looks great! I like the new styling and have received compliments on the truck in the first three days of ownership. The 4.8 is smooth and powerful and mileage running with the a/c on has been good. It's a great truck inside and out and I look forward to loading it up and taking it to hunting camp real soon !
I have had this truck for four months. All I can tell you is it is the best truck ever produced. From the aggresive exterior to the very refined interior this truck has it covered.
I spent over a year researching vehicles of different types before I decided on my first self-purchased vehicle. I needed something to haul horses and yet something I take clients out in, but for a reasonable 1st purchased car price. I have not been dissapointed. This truck is powerful and poised yet comfortable and with the wood grain and leather it is stately appointed. It includes many premium features that I did not expect to afford. I like the 20 inch wheels for presence and the Bose stereo system soothes after a long day. I have the Nav for direction. It has gotten me through Michigan early spring weather admirably and I have all the options of safety.
Drove it off the lot 05-04-07 and now have 2200 miles on it. Leaving soon on a 5000 mile road trip, can't wait. Ride is super smooth, more than comfortable, and really quiet. This thing is a lot quicker than I thought it would be, and if I don't engage the cruise control it keeps creeping up over the speed limit. Fuel mileage is right on sticker at 21+ mpg hwy. Interior is so much improved over previous models. Seats are comfy. Ergonomics are well done. Dash layout is beautiful Feels like I'm in a luxury SUV. Even my friends with new fords and dodges like it. Good job GM!
I bought this truck in March I now have 6087 miles. I am now getting 17 mpg in town. 19 mpg going back and forth to work. 20-22 mpg on the hwy. The power that this truck has is awesome. I have not had a single problem with this truck. 
The truck is awesome. I love the handling and features. Mine came with leather and 20 inch wheels which make it look even better. The ride is smooth and the power is there when I need it. Gas mileage isn't all that great, but what do you expect from a truck? The towing capacity is more than enough for my use.
I love this truck so far, and have attempted to give a fair review. I love the styling, Cadillac-like LTZ interior. The truck rides great, and on the highway, I regularly get over 21mpg, and average almost 17mpg overall. I love the look of the truck, and have consistently received compliments. I went for the 20" wheels too, and would recommend that option to anyone who would not regularly take the truck offroad, as it really fills up the wells, which is a complaint I have seen several times. I am worried about a recent dead battery. I went to start the truck in the morning (sat for 10 hours) and it was dead. There wasn't not even a click, gauge movement, or dim lights. 
This is a great truck inside and out. Beautiful interior design with a smooth and quiet ride. DIC is great and very simple to use. 
I just traded my '02 Silverado for an '07 Silverado and couldn't be happier. The redesign was a long time coming. The rack and pinion steering and the coil over front suspension greatly improve the handling. The interior is much more comfortable than that of the '02 model.
Traded in my 2004 Z71 Ext cab for the 2007 model. Loved the 2004, the 2007 is even better! This truck is really fun to drive. It handles like a much smaller vehicle but with all the expected power. Very quiet ride for a truck. Just returned from long highway trip, averaged 16.5 at 70 mph with the air on and windy conditions. Did notice an increase in mileage with the air off. Was hoping for better since my 2004 averaged 18. Leather seating is very comfortable, I felt great after 5 hours of non-stop driving. Love the premium Bose sound package. 
Vehicle has only been purchased for 1 month. Overall excellent quality throughout and finish. Only concern yet to be fully realized is decent mileage. Hopefully this will improve over the next few months. 5.3 engine seems to work well with the active fuel management.
I looked at the Tundra, F150, and Silverado. All are great trucks, but I liked the regular cab Silverado better. I get 18mpg mixed with the 5.3L on regular, and 15mpg on E85. I got the off road package, which comes with the locking diff that I wanted. The z71 suspension doesn't hurt the ride too much. Front seat comfort is really good. Radio/HVAC is easy reach for average driver. Interior build quality seems good. Like the Toyota and Ford, the Silverado paint job has an orange peel problem, but that is usual in this price range. The G80 rear end makes wet boat ramps easy...I recommend it for towing and off roading. 
I bought my truck a week ago, and am so impressed at how useful it is and how economical it is to operate. Chevrolet has really out done itself by building these GMT 900. The thing that is the most impressive is the architecture that is built upon, by far the best frame and suspension combo on the market. The torsional rigidity is awesome, it corners like a BMW, tows like a Mac truck. It is a must have for anyone buying a truck
This truck is awesome. The 2007 model is a smash hit. I love every thing about this truck. I bought 2007 Z71 club cab and the comfort of the ride is tremendous. The design engineers really hit a home run with this one I recommend this truck to anyone that loves trucks.
Recently purchased 1LT Ext Cab. This truck drives like a Cadillac! Great ride, absolutely blows away new Toyota Tundra! Even with small V8 good accelaration, and sounds great. 100K powertrain great selling point, standard OnStar, new black tie audio radio even in 1LT sounds good and great display on stored radio stations! Would highly recommend to anyone!
Day and night difference between the old model and the new one. Great handling and comfort
I bought the 2007 Chevy Silverado, crew cab 315hp and it is by far the best pickup I have owned so far. I am avg around 17.9 mpg city. The interior is very car like with the most comfortable seats for long driving conditions. The truck drives very smooth, it tackles hills with ease, my feet barely touch the gas pedal and the truck takes off. 
The purchase of this truck was not something I had really planned out. Curiosity driving past a dealership led me to a test drive. I fell in love with it in the first 3 miles of driving it. Chevy has hit the nail on the head with this truck, interior layout, looks and power to spare. 
The truck does not get 16 and 20 mpg as stated . This fuel management engine is worse than my last Chevy. The truck makes a grinding or rubbing noise at between 40 and 45mph. GM says this is a exhaust noise. Dealership says they can muffle the noise a little. Paid $35 grand to listen to a noisy exhaust. Very disappointed in the truck. fales advertisement by GM on the gas mileage. Will purchase a Honda next time
This truck is hands down the best on the market for the money. Compared to the rest Toyota is the only one that comes close but the price difference holds me back. Now with the 100k powertrain warranty I'll have it paid off before the warranty is gone!
This truck is the smoothest and most quiet truck I've ever owned. Lots of power in 4.8l v8. Interior finish is very good and the exterior looks great. I drove a Toyota Tacoma and this truck is every bit as good. This truck should help GM and I think will become very popular. Try it you'll like it.
Just got this truck. Had to order to get it the way I wanted it, and it was worth the wait. Smooth ride, comfortable to drive in bumper to bumper traffic. Almost loaded up. No nav or DVD but the kids aren't in long enough to watch movies anyway. Silver Birch Metallic, black leather perfect!
Strong looks, very well balanced ,and an incredible ride. Remote start, heated seats, sunroof and OnStar, Great job Chevy.
All around great truck! Very little road noise, comfortable smooth ride, plenty of power, tows like a dream. Love the new look. I swithced from a Ford to the new Chevy and I am now sold. 
I have already gave a report after only 3 weeks, now 3 months and 11,329 miles our opinion is stronger than ever. I have just returned from a trip from Woodbine, Md. to Albuquerque, NM. drove over 4,000 miles and averaged 16.2 miles to the gallon with the big engine. We drove between 75 and 80 miles an hour. What a pleasure and we came home in three days, 1860 miles. At the end of the day we still were not tired. We listened to our XM oldtime radio, bluegrass, old country, and southern gospel and felt laike we were at home in our easy chairs.
I compared this truck with the F150, Dodge Ram (junk), and the old and new Tundras. This was by far the best truck for the money and I'm completely happy with it. The flex fuel option was the difference over the Toyota, which came is a close second followed closely by the F150. Fit and finish is a drastic improvement over the Classic model and I think better than the Toyota. Fuel economy is in the 18 range on the highway. 16 combined. Not bad for a truck and far better then the Ford (my dad has one) or Toyota. The last review must have been for the Classic model because GM hit a home run with this new Silverado. My first Chevrolet in 30 years of driving. Must say something!
The new design was realy comfortable and the engine was powerful. I can tow very easily.
Got my Vortex Max crew cab at the end of November and I love it. Muffler, throttle body spacer, cold air intake, programmer, 4" lift w/34" on 20" rims,fenderflares, black grill w/chrome inset, chrome side mirrors, door handles, fuel lid. This my 7th Chevy truck since 2000 and it tops them all. Smooth ride,noise,power, firm cornering, tops in all cats. Getting better gas mileage now than most of my smaller trucks in the past. Best truck Chevy has made yet period.
This truck is going to help pull GM out of the red and put chevy back in front. The gas mileage is very good for a truck and the ride is very solid. I am very happy with the new '07 and look forward to the availability of aftermarket parts.
Just traded in my '01 Sierra for an '07 Silverado. Not as fully loaded as my '01, but I haven't missed the options yet. Seats are very comfortable and spacious. Driver cockpit area is user friendly with everthing easy to get to. Instrument panel and dash has plents of useful tech features without being cluttered. Plenty of storage area. New body styling is right on and has not yet failed to turn heads. Fuel mileage for the first tank was 16 and change with an even mix of on highway and offroad miles. I expect fuel mileage to increase once I reach break-in.
The truck is beautiful and fun to drive. I got a lemon. Transmission problems have caused it to be in the dealer more than in my garage. Finally GM will replace the transmission. I have also had window and electrical problems. I should have had my mechanic check this new truck before I bought it. The transmission was obviously leaking for a long time. GM/Chevrolet was very nasty about fixing the problems. 
Very quick and nimble compared to '05 2500HD. Fast and rides smooth. Driver seating does not agree with my frame. It was fine on two test drives, but after 1 hour on the highway, very painful. I have tried all the adjustments and controls and have decided that the seating is too soft. For the most part, vast improvements over previuos models. I have owned all 4 Chevy truck styles from the past 20 years, and this one is very nice.
Great performance.This is the first auto transmission truck I've owned going back to a 1972 Chevy (3-speed) and several 4 and 5 speed manual Chevys and one GMC since then. It's nice not to shift, since I'm getting old! 
I picked up my new truck last Saturday. I've been analyzing them for about a month and finally was able to pull the trigger. This truck is very comfortable, quiet, easy to drive, and attractive. I live in Colorado and will no longer fear the massive snows that we've been experiencing this year. In fact, I'm looking forward to trying out the 4WD during a probable snow-storm later this week. It's nice to have a truck again. I missed my old one.
Upgraded from an '05 Silverado to the new body style '07. The ride is firm without being stiff. The road noise is reduced. The new gauge cluster is nice and easy to look at. The onboard computer is handy to show tire pressures as well as tranmission temp. Even with the 8/4 cyl. fuel management system, I average only 14.5 MPG with lots of highway miles. My '05 averaged 17.5. It is a very nice looking truck. I look forward to gaining better gas mileage.
I just sold my 2001 Silverado and replaced it with a 2007 crew cab Silverado LT 1500. I was amazed at the changes from the instrument panel to the increase in horsepower! I love this truck, it drives as smooth as a Cadillac! This is definitely a keeper! Heads turn everywhere I go!
Just purchased a few days ago and already am amazed by what GM has done with this vehicle. The fit and finish is excellent, the integration of vehicle systems is well done. For example, I was low on gas. Not only did the low gas light come on, and "Low Fuel" displayed on dash, the car Nav system offered to show me all the nearby gas stations on the map display. The auto-switching between v4 and v8 is not noticable and does help mileage. The leather interior is beautiful. Reliability remains to be seen, but my 2001 had 135000m on it when I traded it in and nothing major ever went wrong with it, so I hope this one is even better
After being a Ford man for the last 33 years I have finally given Chevy a try and I love this truck. The ride is very comfortable with a stability befitting a sports car. It is well appointed and the fit and finish is superb. The truck feels solid and exhibits little or no frame flex. I have found the engine to be strong with good power but still reasonable in gas mileage. The four wheel drive with the electronic transfer case works great and the truck has the ability to pull its way through snow and mush of Northern Montana without a problem. Winter travel has never felt safer than in this truck. After owning many trucks I rate this one at the top.
Really enjoying my driving. This truck is everything it was billed to be. Comfortable, quick, and a head turner. Had to wait a while for the 6.0 V8. It has every option available. Wife has forgiven me for purchasing the truck since she and I have driven it 1100 miles in 9 days. 
This truck was well worth the wait. Everything about it blows me away, as fast as my 3000GT and just as fun to drive!
My 2007 Silverado Z71 4x4 has a good ride. it pulls a little to left, has wind noise in upper driver's side door seal, and is getting 14.7 mpg on the highway. I have the 5.3 iron block with the fuel saving 4/8 cyl 8 cyl. on demand. Was told if any aftermarket parts were installed to help mpg it would void the powertrain warranty. Break in point was between 3-5000 miles. Also when braking hard you have to use force to manuver around an object to overcome computer.
This is by far the best truck on the market. Better value than F150 and better quality than the Ram. I never looked at Tundra because I'll never buy a foreign truck. Only the American brands know how to build a real truck and GM showed everyone they knew what they were doing. It has the best fuel economy while still having the highest payload! Buy this, you wont regret it.
3rd silverado owned. Excellent ride. Super, super quiet in cab. You have to test drive this one. I waited 3 months for it to come out. Drove 1 1/2 hour to get what I wanted. It came with more options than wanted but who's complaining about remote start, and tire pressure monitors, Z71 package
I had to drive 170 miles to find the truck that I was looking for. Whenn on the way home ran in to bad weather. It was sure footed. The 4WD worked great and it never got loose and we were on ice roads and slush. I was impressed by and still got 17 miles to the gallon in 4WD.
For those of us who waited, you are drving one of the safest trucks ever built. GM has spent a lot of time in development and research to come up with their best truck ever. You have safety features that are standard equipment, which the insurance industry will soon require, on all new vehicles. All of the controls are layed out in a user-friendly fashion. This takes the guess work out of how does this dash work. You will have a comfortable ride, as well as plenty of room to haul your days work, wherever you go, whether to town or on the ranch. 
Purchased my MAX last week which is not even listed as a choice to make a review. Absolutely insane to drive. Never have felt more power in a Chevy since the Typhoon days. Interior is of highest quality regardless of what anyone says. Ford and Dodge owners will be very jealous and the Japanese cannot touch them. The Max roars with power and probably won't even need an exhaust system as it already sounds great. Looking forward to my bed managent system but my dealer has yet to receive any accessories from the factory yet. 
i've had this truck for months now, and have had many trucks in the past. This is the very best, and very tough. It can withstand a lot of abuse! I highly suggest test driving one today! GM has done a fantastic job on this truck. It dosn't need further improvement!
Great truck, very fun to drive on or off road. Radio is not great but works. The truck looks awesome. It is reliable and runs great.
This has got to be the best truck ever built. Nobody can compare to this thing. It's like if God created a truck and wanted to drive it himself, this would be it. The ride, the offroad ability, everything about this truck is truely amazing.
Interior fit and finish is poor. The plastic rattles and makes cracking noises. Wind noises in town and on the highway. The seats make cardboard noise when sat in. The doors rattle and the radio sounds cheap 4.8 auto-track is a great power train. Gas mileage is average. Factory tires could be updated.
The best Silverado yet. However, the rear bumper absolutely stinks! I backed into a snow bank. $2,000 damage. Also, when it is below zero the switch to change from 4WD to 2WD doesn't work and vice versa. When cold out I cannot get enough heat while on the road. 
I have really enjoyed owning this truck for a 1 1/2 now. Truck rides very smooth, very comfortable on the highway. White, Z71 Ext Cab Std Box, 5.3. Pulls my 5,000 lb travel trailer no sweat. Only problem I've had with the truck was the battery went out in Oct of 07. Absoloutely love this truck, however two very annoying things. 1 the seats collect a ton of lint! 2nd, the truck sits way to low in the front! Why did GM have to design these trucks with the nose dive. With my 5,000 lb trailer on the back just levels the truck out. You look at the 2wd and the 4wd Silverado's and you can't even see a difference. GM should design these trucks to sit up a bit higher in front. Otherwise very satisfied!
I drive a lot and now have 65,000 mi on vehicle. This is a great truck that I would recommend to anyone. I really feel safe and love the auto 4wd option. I see a lot of snow and ice and this truck is the most sure-footed vehicle I have ever owned. My only complaint is hard elbow rests.
07' LT1 Crew Cab now with 12.5K on it. This is my first full size truck, my trade in was a 06' GMC Canyon Crew Cab, the Canyon was a good truck but it never had enough room inside for me and the family it just got small on us as time went by. The Silverado is big enough with a very nice smooth stable ride. The gas mileage in town is 15 mpg, & 20 mpg on the highway at 70mph. I have the 4.8 engine and I'm very pleased with the power and smoothest, the 4-spd auto is sweet also buy it did take about 8K to break in, at first the down shift from second to first gear was harsh at times buy got better as more miles where added. Its has been very reliable with no issue at all.
Miss my 94 Silverado. MPG 14-16, not 20. I drive 180 miles RT for work and that includes 5 miles gravel roads and frequent 4WD. Truck is comfortable and looks good. Cargo management system and kept losing the plastic corners. Finally gave up and removed the front part of it. Stereo speakers crackle and pop and sound like crap already. The big Chevy "Bowtie" has water in it, expect it to fall off soon. Problems with the tire pressure monitor system twice. 4WD switch doesn't work all the time and now 4WD is "Out." Been at the dealers for the last 9 days and counting. Last GM product!
Truck has been good to me. Only problems have been a battery replacement which was a GM recall and my tonneau cover created some paint problems on the bed rails. I recommend buying some plastic bed rails or taking the cover off regularly to make sure water is not getting trapped. Over very satisfied with the truck. 
I bought the LTZ Crew Cab Vortec Max with all options including Navigation, and all other associated goodies. Wife and I purchased it new in Nov of 07, and I can't throw enough accolades out there for this newly re-designed truck. It looks as good as it feels. Mine is black with custom chrome 18" rims. I love the gadgets, performance, and the look. Backup sensors, DIC, tilt mirrors when reversing, and the choices I can have to customize settings within the DIC. 
I was going to buy a new Silverado in 2006 and my salesman suggested I wait for the newly redesigned model. I couldn't be happier that I waited. The redesign is great all the way around. Interior is much more comfortable, exterior is a lot more eye catching and the trucks capabilities are more than ever. Ultimatly, the wait was worth my while and I would recommend anyone checking out the Silverado before looking at other options.
We got our pickup right off the lot with 12k and it has been awesome. The only problem that we have had is it would not unlock or start and the problem was that the battery cable had came loose and became unplugged. Other than that it has been fun to have it has leather and plenty of legroom on the interior. The heated winsheild wiper fluid really works when its is frozen. The backup sensors are awesome too, it is easier to backup closer to things. Another feature is the advance track works really well when you are in gravel. We have had other Chevy pickups but and this is the best. But if you like paying $90 every other day with 14 miles to the gallon then this is the truck for you.
Got rid of it! It got the worst gas mileage of any of the Silverado's I have owned. Never got anything more than 15, even on the highway. It was a 4x4 Z71 and rode terrible. Did like the way it handled though. So happy to see it go!
Love the truck but the gas tank is empty most of the time. I have 3.73 gears for pulling boats and heavy loads and the best mpg on the highway at 55 is 15.9. Not 20 mpg.
I have had my ride for 4 months now overall it was a good purchase so far. I would say if you have money to burn look at the Tundra but you cannot get a v8 long bed real deal pick up like mine for under 20g in any other brand. I am weary of the Chevy track record as I have had a few it seems there is always some little crap going on with them engine idling right? Rear end humming? Interior plastic has sharp edges mine only has 5 grand so far. I guess I will find out how things pan out at 10-20-30 thousand miles. The definite plus side to this truck is the gas mileage for being so big I can cruise at 15-1700 rpm on the freeway. The basic options that come with it are also nice.
Love my victory red 4.8 v8 2007 regular cab. I've added chrome front bowtie, sidesteps, doorhandles and tailgate handle. I've also added a GM bug hood shield, bed mat and tinted the windows with 20 percent. It's nice to have a free year of OnStar.
I have owned this truck a little over a year and currently have 11,000 miles on it. Prior to purchasing I test drove the F150, Tundra, and Ridgeline before making my decision. Hands down the Silverado had the nicest interior, ride and more than adequate power. I've towed my 5300# camper with it 3 times and have been very impressed with the pulling power of the 5.3, averaging (pullng) 13 MPG which isn't bad considering the trailer is like pulling a parachute. Thrilled I made this choice and the truck continues to inspire me that America can still make a great vehicle. 
Had initial isues with rattling at start, time and mobile 1 fixed that. 15,000 miles now 27 highway with kn filter and special chery bomb muffler. Run 34 in tires. Leveling kit sure helped take away the 60's raked look. And handles better. Great truck
Great to have one of GMs new line of Chevy Silverados! I get around 17 mpg for mostly city and some highway but if there is a lot of highway I can average 20 mpg. Very nice interior with very comfortable seats. 
I bought this truck on an impulse. I bought the truck with the Southwest Edition package which includes 5.3L engine,leather seats,tow package and 20" wheels. I have had an issue with the tires, but that's because the city of ABQ doesn't clean their roads. Recently went on a trip to AZ from NM and got about 22 MPG. I've owned the truck a year now and average about 16.4 MPG in the city. I've towed a couple of trailers and have had no issues with the very capable 5.3L. There's plenty of room in the back seat for my 6' tall son. He used to kick me in the back in our old SUV and he wasn't even 6' at that point. The interior is nice and roomy for all. 
So far I use my truck for pleasure and work. I have owned a couple of Fords driven Dodge and this is my 3rd Chevy. The new design is awesome. The only thing I'm a little dissapointed it the strength of the tie downs built in the bed. After strapping down my load they pulled out some. Other than that it handles very good, get good gas mileage for my engine size and is comfortable with all the bells and whistles I need.
Great truck. Have the 5.3L with 3.42 rear end and tow pkg. Window sticker said 21 mpg hwy, 16 mpg city and that's what I've been getting. But that's if doing the speed limit. Averaging 18.6 mpg over the 11,000 miles. Worst mpg was 14.9 this winter. Got 16 mpg when towing tandem axle trailer (55 mph max speed) on a 400-mile round trip, loaded with upright piano, furniture, and empty trailer on the way back. Plenty of power for towing and normal driving. 
This is the best truck I have ever driven. The comfort and handling is excellent. I have driven this truck for 16 months and 23000 miles and not a rattle or squeak, very quiet and just very enjoyable to drive. Thank you Chevrolet!
I now have 18000 miles on my 07 5.3 LT ext cab 2WD drive Silverdao. So far I have been most pleased with this new truck from Chevy. I traded in a 05 Silverado when this new model came out and I am glad I did. The ride and handling is head and shoulders above my 05 along with all the other Chevy trucks I have owned. The overall quality of my new truck from is head and shoulders above my 05. I have been most impressed with the performance when towing a trailer. Unlike my 05 which jumped to high rpms while in cruise and starting up a grade this new truck gradually accelerates pulling you up a hill. It pulls like a train. Gas mileage is 20- 22 mph if I keep it under 70. Very happy so far.
I had a Tundra before, so I got used to the Japanese fine finish. This truck interior is falling apart and it only has 5,000 miles. The 4x4 electronic switch is very unreliable. More often than not it doesn?t disengage the 4x4 even though it shows 2x2. Fuel efficiency is the worse. Visibility is horrible. Big hood for no reason at all, just to look tough. Engine lifters make a horrible sound 3 out of 5 times when starting the truck in the morning. 
I can say this is the best truck I have ever had. The ride is good, the 4X4 works great, good fuel economy. I love the truck. GM did a good job on this one.
Pros: acceleration, brakes, heat/air;radio, seats, turn circle,fun to drive. Cons: ride; very poor seal around doors..way too much noise, mileage (15- 16), too light on rear..spins wheels & looses traction too easy, no trip odometer, a/c switches; overall poor fit in areas of body & interior.
I have been very impressed with my truck. The Silverado rides so smooth on the highway, I would rather travel in my truck than any other vehicle. Also, mechanically the trick is amazing! The 5.3 is a strong, quiet, and smooth running engine. My ony complaint has been the fuel mileage. It seems the '"active fuel management" doesn't help much at all. The rating on the sticker said 16 city and 20 mpg highway. I get closer to 13 city and 15.8 on the highway. I don't think I'll ever see 20mpg. Other than that I am extremely happy with my truck and plan on keeping it a long time! Thanks Chevy for building such a great truck! just need to improve mpg
This is the nicest truck I have owned, and I have had many over the years. It is comfortable on long trips,quiet and rides well. Average 14mpg includes road trips,local driving and aprrox. 20% towing Motorcycles. I also use this truck for work daily. It carries the additonal weight and maintains handling and ride. The 4 wd has come in handy with this years snow. Power is good too. 
I am a college student and needed a reliable truck that would get decent gas mileage. I traded in my 98 GMC 1/2ton pickup w/4.3L V6 for this 07 Silverado. I thought that since I had good results with gas mileage on the V6 that I thought the new trucks would get good mileage. Wrong! I am getting 12-13 city and 16-17 highway. This really disapoints me. Other than the gas mileage, the truck is good. Overall I am happy with the deal and would recommed Chevy/GMC trucks to anyone.
Traded my Ford F-150 in for a Silverado. This truck feels more sturdy and a heavier duty truck, even though it's technically not a "heavy duty" series.
If you are looking for a well-built workhorse this is your truck. I feel very safe and confortable when driving this truck. I love the fact that you sit high. Interior room is more than enough, I am 6'1" and I feel small when I am sitting in my truck. The bells and whistles are missing but it is a worktruck. Even with this in mind, the interior is very nice and functional. I love the new ergonomic, elegant but simple controls for the radio, a/c, lights, and on-star. The new exterior body design is simply pleasing to the eyes. It gives it an aggressive yet elegant feel. This truck drives very nice. It is very solid, granted that I haven't used it for towing or off-roading. I love it!
Its nice to look at but don't try to drive it. The front pump on the transmission was leaking within 2300 miles and im on the second power steering unit. Good thing theres a 100,000 mile warrenty on this things im gonna need it.
I had an '04, when the new style was out, had to get it! Looks great, beautiful ride, and the new warranty is'nt too bad either. Fuel economy could be better, the 5.3 on my old one got just as good MPG. Overall I love it, the pros outweigh the cons. 
This truck has 18" wheels and the ride is horrible, my 2003 rode much better and the improvment in ride is where? What happened to the lights on the doors? Nowhere to be found. I have an LTZ and the seats heaters are not designed properly for the seats. The sides of the seats do not heat and the leather is cold because of this. When spending this kind of money $37,000+ I would have expected a much improved truck, just didn't get it. I don't like the dome lamps and cargo lamps on the same switch. Next time I trade I'll be looking at other makes.
So far I'm very pleased. GM definitely made strides with this truck. In particular the interior comfort and build quality is far better than in previous years. Gas mileage isn't good, but hey, it's a truck!
I absolutely love my new Silverado as do my wife and kids. It was finally time to move on from my Ford Bronco and I was looking for a pick up. I really don't think you could go wrong with any of the big trucks out on the market today (Tundra, F150, Titan, Ram). I have the FTZ version (black on black) and the interior is outstanding with quality materials. My wife has an Acura and the interior is just as nice. It also drives real smooth with good power from the 5.3L V- 8(315hp). The seats are comfortable with plenty of room front and back. I've only had my Silverado for 3 months but I enjoy driving everytime I set foot in the truck. 
Outstanding styling and a 4.8L V8 that is more than capable of getting the job done at the construction site. Even the lifelong Ford guys at my company have nothing bad to say about the truck, except the sloping bed.
I would have to say this truck is a great all around vehicle, whether on or off road it out performs all other half- ton trucks. The interior design is simple and functional and every mile of the 24000 I have driven so far has been a blast. Thanks for a great truck!
I really like my new Silverado. What a great truck! It feels so crisp. The interior feels so spacious and solid. Very quiet ride, and fairly comfortable considering the 20" wheels. It could use some integrated blind spot mirrors, though. The power is good. Not as much as my old Titan that was a rocket out of the hole. But it's stong and smooth. No squeaks. The dash looks great and the seats are very comfortable. The truck has so many features and creature comforts. Ample storage for the front. Could be better compartmentized for rear passangers.
I have 5,300 miles on my truck and so far it's been great. I am getting 18 mpg mixed driving and 18 mpg on the interstate at 70 mph. The fit and finish is excellent, The interior has a luxury car like ride that is both smooth and quiet and the bose sound system is awesome. I think they could improve mileage if they keep the motor in 4v mode which I read GM is working on this. The 5.3 has plenty of power and a nice exhaust note under heavy throttle. In cold weather, remote start not only turns your heat on it turns your heated seat on, nice touch. GM has done a nice job on this truck. 
Loved my F150, it drove, rode and handled wonderfully (Reg cab, 4.6 V8) and got 15.2 avg mpg. Needed something bigger, and found the Chevrolet head and shoulders above my Ford. I was pleasantly surprised. The ride, fit and ergonomics of my Silverado are just as close to perfect as I can imagine.
I dont know about you but when I spent 35K for my new truck I thought it would be built better. I have had Chevys before but never a truck. Drove them a lot from work but the clasic and what a difference between that and the new body style for 07/08. The roof interior is cheap and so are the visors. and what happened to the overhead console? Nowhere to put your glasses and such. Also a lot of wind noise comes into the cab and last but not least I thought they would put the speakers in better I all ready have one of the front speakers real loose and Ive only had it for 2 weeks. Other than that its a killer truck and the Leather 10 way power seats are real nice. Overall happy.
 This is my favorite vehicle to date of ownership out of the past 59 vehicles. The ride is unbeatable for a truck. Tempted by Toyota but their rtuck had cheesy interior and an ugly front end. The new Silverado design is perfect and to drive one will make you an owner. I added Flowmaster exhaust and it opened the 6.0 MAX engine up and let it breath. Wow, the 4X4 system really hooks up when climbing steep rock formations and getting through the mud. Yes, I am not a concrete cowboy, I take my $46,000 truck off road. 
This is Motor Trends truck of the year for a reason. From its luxury suv interior and ride, solid build quality, smooth powerful engine, and rugid good looks GM has built one nice truck. 
The gas mileage is definitely the worst out of all of my previously owned vehicles, but it is nowhere near the best. Love the ride height, had to take off the air dam to finish the look. Truck way too quiet for my tastes too. That was easily and fairly cheaply fixed. Love the ride quality, radio is adequate, and the 4WD has ample torque. AC is freezing! Thats always good.
This is the first GM vehicle that I have owned where I have not had to bring it back to the dealer to get anything fixed. I have over 12K miles in less than 6 months of driving, averaging 18 mpg. The air conditioning is powerful and cold. My only complaint is there is too much badging of the vehicle. After removing all of the silly 4x4 stickers, huge Chevy Bowtie, Silverado and GM badging, I can now appreciate the quality of the paint on my truck.
Best vehicle I've owned by far. I bought it for it's versatility (i.e. 4X4, pickup bed, etc) but I'm amazed at how comfortable it is as a daily driver. This is my commute vehicle and my camping/fishing vehicle and it works great all the way around. Great gas mileage for a truck and it rides more comfortably than my old car ('05 Impala). The comfort features like OnStar, remote starter and dual climate control are awesome. Plus it's great off-road. The rear locker has gotten me out of at least one tight spot.
Have had my 2007 silverado for about 1 month now and have had nothing but problems the a/c has went out on it the tire pressure monitoring system has had to be fixed already and the is some type of popping noise in the rearend when you start up a hill and the truck switches in to second gear. This truck is the biggest piece of junk I have ever owned and will never own another.
I have to say this is the nicest most comfortable truck I have ever owned. To really set it off I have the 5.3 and it has great power and better fuel millage than the smaller V8. Love it!
I love this truck. The ride is luxury smooth and quiet. The inside is first class on LTZ. The Bose system is great. Cruise and stereo controls on steering wheel are nice. The 20" wheels look great. I get 18 mpg mixed driving and 18 on interstate at 70 with plenty of power and a nice exhaust sound under heavy throttle. Chevy has designed and built one nice truck. 
I bought this vehicle in August sight unseen. I went through Edmunds.com and submitted a request to multiple dealers. Overall, this is an outstanding truck. I opted for the Texas Edition package for this truck because I need towing package. There are only a couple of things I would change. First,GM should have put disc brakes on the rear, especially for people who tow. Second, the power windows are a little noisy as compaired to my previous chevy truck. Lastly, when I go over RR tracks, the tailgate sounds a little loose, but to be fair, this could just be to the exta stability built into the truck. But overall, this is a great truck and I have no regrets about buying it.
I had previously owned an '02 and loved it....now Chevy has raised the bar! Nice 20 inch wheels (although i will be offroading), great ride , power and looks. I have the 6.0 and am averaging 14.5 after 2000 miles. Looked at a Tundra but was put off by the price. I was amazed to see how similar the interior dash was to the new Chevy! The body design is awesome, however "plastic" chrome pieces are undesireable and do not stand up after four years. How about aluminum on the front grille? Same with the interior....simulated plastic wood...no sir! The fit of my glove door and arm rest "wood" pieces are off, other wise good build inside and out. Trans shifting feels awkward and slow to respond.
I bought the truck a month ago. Compared it with the Toyota Tundra. Liked them both, but am really glad I bought the Chevy. Lots of power, quiet, good ride/handling, and all the "toys" that I need with it. My only complaints are lack of storage inside. No overhead storage for glasses, etc like my old one had; small storage areas in the side doors; and a good sized storage between the seats, but not very functional. If you fill it up, you can't find anything! And finally there's no light in the hood area. I was told after the sale that that's an "option". Geez...a $37K truck should have an under the hood light!
This is my 5th Silverado since 1991 and it is just a superb looking and operating vehicle, simply the best. No wonder is was selected as truck of the year by Motor Trend Magazine. It is so much fun to drive and the music system is awesome! The looks of this truck are dynamic!! Just a beautiful piece of machinery. GM offered most attractive rebates and owner loyalty discount which gave great value to the truck.
I previously owned a 2003 Chevy Silverado and traded it in for an 07' Texas edition. I have to say that Chevy finally did it. They made a great truck. The little things count. Very impressed with the new interior design. More room in the cab. Its like a cross between a Caddy and truck. Very nice!
My wife picked this Z71 4x4 out for my while I was in Afghanistan. I love her choice. Great interior and exterior design. I?ve been hauling stuff since I got back home. Hauled 1,600 of lumber to the dump last month in the bed ? slightly more than recommended, but the truck handled it like a champ both in and out of two/haul mode without a lot of sagging in the back, etc. The 18? wheels greatly improve the appearance. Remote start is great on hot days as it automatically turns on the A/C full blast (heat the same in winter). Highly recommend. 
The truck has over 30,000 miles on it and has not had any warranty repairs. No rattles, squeaks or wind noise. Nothing. This is the first time I have bought a new vehicle and not had a few problems.
I was first looking at Tundra, but the dealer wanted too much. After several weeks of researching, I am happy to have Blue Granite Silverado. Color looks great. It was my first time to buy full pickup truck. Only have this truck for several weeks and now running at 2000 miles. Good view of driving. Glad to have running board, even I'm pretty big, my knee's going bad. Turn ratio needs to be better. Good power for a 4.8 engine. Impressed to see driving under 2000 rpm at 70 - 75 mph. Need to improve hauling weight. Weight is limited to 4800 lbs. Dashboard layout is great. Nice to have seat built for 6 people. I like the idea of raising the backseats to make room for Home Depot stuffs.
Driving experience has been great so far. And the complete control of the truck is second to none. Have had many praises on the looks and size of cockpit. Reliability thus far has been good. Good work and family vehicle with comfort. Chevy has a nice product here for the price.
I believe this recently redesigned Silverado is the best I have seen in 20 years! The truck handles well and the hybrid rear axle is awesome. I did get the 5.3 liter FlexFuel with Active Fuel Management. This helps on the highway but around town I have seem little in the way of savings. It still does better in mileage than my neighbor's new Dodge with a smaller engine and no high gear ratio in the rear axle, like my Silverado. If you need a half-ton to tow a medium- sized travel trailer, nothing beats the Silverado!
Truck is OK, ride is good. I'm getting 12.9 mpg in town & 17 on highway at 75 mph. A/C just started marking a knocking sound, blows cold but is very noisy
I was actually looking for the new Sierra but it was too late in the year to find the things I wanted in stock at a dealer. So off to Chevy I went. I searched lots on Sundays and the internet during the week and after an exhaustive search of about 400-500 trucks, I found one that was very close to the exact truck I wanted with the options I wanted. GMC and Chev actually have a bit different look this year and I prefer GMC...that being said, I wanted the Flex-Fuel, a sunroof, LTZ, Z-71, and either Gray or Black...with the power rear slider up in the air because you lose the defogger if you get that option and in Minnesota, the rear defog gets a lot of use. I have about 3500 miles on my truck.
Purchased 07 1500 Crew Cab Ltz VMax 4X4 late Aug, have 1500 miles on it so far and I love it. The ride is very smooth and interior comfort is good. Fit quality of interior is excellent and body panels, bumper etc. is also good. I have owned Jeep Grand Cherokee's for the past 4 vehicles and decided after seeing the new body style to go with the 1500. I am very pleased with this truck so far. Wish gas mileage was better but I did buy a pick up truck so what did I expect. I wish the active fuel management would stay in V4 mode longer. I have a large dog and child and still have enough room in the back of the truck for them and toys. Would recommend the Lt2 for anyone looking for a nice non SUV
This is an awesome truck for someone who wants a real truck. It has everything a truck should have: rear drum brakes, ground clearance, large appearance, luxury interior, ability to tow and haul, quiet ride, excellent handling, locking rear diff, and great gas mileage. People nowadays need to realize what a truck is for...it's a work vehicle, not a luxury grocery go-getter! And this truck has it all plus some. I get 17-18 mpg on the backroads and around town with my 5.3L Z71. That is excellent for a truck! That is much better than my 1990 Fullsize 4wd Blazer and about the same as my 2000 Z71 Silverado. I wouldn't trade it for the world.
Bit the bullet and bought a black one! Added MAX Trailer- 367HP-375Torque-TOW 10,500lb, EZ Tailgate, Sunroof, Safety Pack, OWL 17" Tires, Elect Slider,XM Radio. A very nice truck. I am unsure about the active fuel management as it's slighty noticeable when it shifts between 4 and 8 cyl. I would prefer not to have it, but I guess it helps fuel mileage. 
This is the best truck ever. Completely redesigned. The gauges sit nicely in view. Got it with Texas edition with the trailering package and 20" wheels and it was perfect height. If you think its too tall for you try a car or a small truck, or some other chick vehicle. Traded a 96' Silverado and the turning radius with that rack and pinion really improves a lot. Great gas mileage for a truck with this performance and trust me I have a heavy foot (two tickets already).
27 years I drove Ford (7 different models), and I'm as happy as I can be now driving Chevy. Got the 6.0L Vortec Max. 367 hp and 375 lb-ft torque and 18.9 mpg (after first 500 miles)! I'm still amazed at all of the amenities. The comfort, the quiet. I understand completely why this truck got all of the design and performance awards that it did, including Motor Trend 2007 Truck of the Year.
On test drive there was a vibration between 45 to 55 MPH. Then we hit a little small broken pavement in the road and the truck jumps all over the place! Gas mileage is a joke if not an out right lie. We tested the gas mileage in several ways but, keep getting the same results. In town, the best gas to the cheapest gas was only 12 MPG. On the Highway, our biggest accomplishment was at 17 MPG. General Motors said the estimated sticker mileage quote was just a theoretical statement. At 45 to 55 MPH the truck has this vibration and in curves at a lower speed it has this same vibration. If driven from payment to concrete or a bumpy road the truck will dance and shake. 
I live in the South Burbs of Chicago. I can't explain how great this truck drives. It's been 3 weeks and had put 2,500 miles on it. I enjoy driving in this great Chevy. This is my first American truck and cant get enought of it. First of all the ride is perfect, the layout of the cabin is what the doctor ordered and the power of this truck leaves others in your rear view mirrors. Haven't hauled anything heavy yet, don't think I'll have any problems. Chevy is loaded up with all the goodies except the Navi I installed an aftermarket. Have the LTZ package with 20's, leather, bed hook system, STB system, Head Curtains, Back Up Sensors with lots of Chrome I Just Luv it
I bought my 07 Silverado crew cab Feb. 24, 2007 This is the best truck I have ever owned. I used to be a Ford girl, until now. I absolutely love this truck, it is great. When you look at it from the front, it looks like a monster, which it is!
Forget the 16mpg city & 22 mpg highway they say I would get, I get 12.3 city, 12.5 highway. Without the air on add .1 mpg. If I wanted a car I would have bought one. No cigarette lighter, but has a vanity mirror on the driver side. Guys don't use a vanity mirror, we use the rear view. I'm back driving my 88 GMC 3/4 ton extended cab 8' bed 350 - get 20 mpg. Need to put out a step stool for some passengers to get in. Sits way to high, making it hard to get my tools out of the bed. Poor visabality right front fender (wiper in the way) I liked my 2003 1500 Chevy much better.
I bought this truck when they first hit the streets, it's a black Z71 LTZ, with a black front end, chrome mesh grille, assist steps, and other than the gas mileage, it's the best truck I've ever owned. I tow my boat with it all the time, and can barely tell I'm pulling anything. Chevy has come a long way with this one. I hope they keep up the good work in the future.
Traded my 05 Chevy crew cab, got 17mpg. Now I only get 14mpg mostly hwy with new truck! A/c vent makes weird noise! Stiffer ride than my 05, does not have rear a/c vents like my 05, turning radius is too wide! Does have nice features like side curtain airbags, parking assist, nice looking truck but, been very disappointed so far compared with my 05 crew cab!
Traded in a 2003 for the 2007 with the Z71 package. Can't believe how much improvement in ride and quietness. We have the 6.0 and are very happy with the performance and gas mileage which has been 14.5 overall. Have not made any trips with it so can't say about highway mileage. Almost as much fun to drive as our Corvette. Have to say it is a great truck. 
Traded a 05 Ext. cab Z71. Bad move! Have driven 1000 miles and it sounds like the front end of this Z71 may fall out before I can get it back into the dealer. Gas mileage is 14.5. '05 averaged 17.9 22 on highway. Has a serious lag when taking off from stop and when trying to pass. Is going into shop tomorrow. 
I love the styling but most of all I like the ride and handling.I bought a basic truck with 4.8 liter engine and it is powerful,drives smoothly,has great acceleration and gets exactly the fuel economy advertised. I have always been a Chevy fan but not a Chevy truck fan until now. The 17" tires look a little small in those huge wheel wells but I can always upgrade to 18" or even 20" wheels down the road. The paint job could easily be mistaken for a custom paint job. I love everything about this truck but of course I'd like better fuel economy.
I was quite hesitant to buy American, but my fears have been squelched by the excellent performance of the 2007 Silverado. Going into the purchasing phase, I was planning on buying the Toyota Tundra, but on the test drives, the Silverado simply performed better, had more room, better visibility, and was much more enjoyable to drive. 
I love to drive this truck, I traded in an '02 for this one!
Fit and finish is great. Good power and fuel mileage. Handles good.
I bought this truck a month ago, almost to the day. I am so glad I bought it. I got exactly what I was looking for, comfort and power. I did have a 1999 Tahoe with the 5.7 and this truck with the 5.3 has more power and better acceleration. I tow a 6300 pound boat up and down hills and mountains and it does great! I wouldn't own another truck, if I did you would have to give it to me and pay me to drive it.
I purchased a new 07 Silverado in June of this year and have now had some time to get a feel for it. It now has 2500 miles on the odometer. I spent about 6 months researching this purchase and ended up with the Silverado. My truck is an LT-1, but it has leather, 20 inch tires, the 5.3 engine, etc. My gas mileage was 16 when I first got it, but it has been steadily improving with each fill up. I am now getting just a bit over 20 MPG on the interstate when driving 75. The truck has plenty of power, handles like a car and is the most comfortable vehicle I have ever owned. The fit and finish is excellent as well. If you are looking for a truck you MUST try the Silverado out. 
I love the new look of this vehicle, but bad mileage has turned me very sour. The interior is charcoal and is a lint magnet. Every week I try in vain to clean it and in one use it becomes totally covered in lint. I think the 4.8 liter motor is too small for this truck
Just traded in my 2008 Dodge Ram for this Silverado and couldn't be happier with my choice. This truck doesn't have the get up and go of the Hemi but it doesn't have the vibrations either. The gas mileage is also better on the Chevy with the 5.3 V8 vs the Hemi. I'm getting about 17mpg on the Chevy compared to 15mpg with the Hemi. The transmission shifts smoother and is all together a better ride. The crew cab is also alot bigger than Dodge's quad cab. Also, the Chevy sits lower which makes it where you don't need step bars. The Dodge had to have them because even factory it sits high. The seats in the Chevy are alot more comfortable than Dodge's. The Chevy is just a better family vehicle. 
Not sure why people have a problem with brakes and tires. I've got 55,000 miles, yea 55 thousand, and brakes don't squeak. Also got 43,000!!!! out of the tires, you have to actually rotate them...Have pulled a horse trailer, is great, forgot it was back there. Didn't get Bose speaker system, but regular system does good for what its for. At 55K miles, still got 8mm left on front brakes, for unknowing people, that's awesome! Only one aggravation, passenger seat squeaks. Other than that, I plan on adding another 55K miles to it pretty quick. Oh yea, 21 MPG on a trip from Orlando, I'm sure I'll get more when I go to Miami!!!
I bought the truck to pull our camper but I have not had the chance to do so. This will really tell me what I like and don't like. So far I have been very pleased with the truck. It is smooth and quiet. The sales person, Angie, was non pushy helping us pick out a vehicle that we would be happy with. We have been to the service department before with another Chevy we own and have been very pleased with their work. We will buy, if it's a Chevy, from this dealer again. 
I've had this truck for about two years now, and have put 26k miles on it. Hit a deer three days after I bought it; talk about bad luck. I got that fixed, and really can't complain about this truck at all. I did have to replace the cheap wiper blades last month, and after reading some of the other reviews I have also heard the steering column make a little noise, but nothing major. For the price, this truck was hard to beat.
Speaker Blew in 6 months, tires worn out at 24,000 miles, alignment is off in 2 years. Rides like it is on a trampoline. Suspension is too soft. Brakes are squeaking. Installed a K&N intake and the power and gas mileage is amazing. Good truck for the money. Definitely needs a stiffer suspension. 
Chevy - Built like a rock (by all means). Original tires gone at 20,000. Tranny shifts like a rock also with a "kick in a butt" from first to second gear and slowly leaks. Good low end torque at first gear, but when passing on a vehicle in moderate traffic at second or third gear, pressing past halfway causes it to downshifts and produces potentially dangerous force. Had me sliding sideways in rain often! Not that I can't handle it but hey, there are civilians around! Loaded it with 22- 5 Gallon jugs, 35 lb. each. Rides like a caddy without shocks! Added leaf spring helpers-now rides like a true rock and nose dives like a fish! Nothing personal, lucky it's leased! 
I bought my 07 to replace a 97 GMC 1500 Z71 and have not questioned my decision one bit. This truck is nicer than any vehicle I have ever owned. I have added 9000 miles to odometer since my purchase and have only one minor complaint....the noisy brakes. However, I took the truck to a local Chevy dealer and the problem went away under warranty. Great truck
I bought this Silverado classic ext cab 2wd in oct 06 for 25k. Trade value now is 6500. Two reasons, the first is the 4.3 vortec v-6. It is way underpowered. The transmission grinds and tries to shift too much between 35- 40 mph. I had the transmission replaced at 30 K (unacceptable). I wanted to give GM another shot after driving Fords for so long. I will not do it again. Vehicle rides good and I get about 17.5 mpg around town.
When I bought this truck it was my first major purchase on a vehicle. I'm now 23 years old, I drive at least 60 miles a day back and forth to work. Gas mileage is what you'd expect from a truck, good for this size truck, but gas prices stink now so. Unlike everyone else my brakes don't and never have made noise. The seats creak a little and the fuel pump is a little loud. It's probably going to die soon, oh well. It does drive extremely well for a truck. The truck is everything I expected from Chevrolet. All I've pretty much done is service it, no major issues. People crying about the hood design and rock chips, get a bug deflector, it works, imagine that. Am still on original tires, brakes.
Bought new in Oct 06, like how it drove and performed, very comfortable however now after owning it for 21 months the steering/suspension makes all kinds of noise and feels like it's going to fall apart when going over any uneven surface. The transmission sometimes shifts hard when the truck's still warming up in the morning, the original tires are crap and are already wearing out after only 22000 miles, the front tires are especially bad even after being balanced and rotated regulary. The headliner is pulling loose around the edges. The truck has good acceleration and is great at high speeds on the highway but the front end/steering system is probably the worst of any vehicle I've owned. 
From the moment I heard about the Intimidator I just had to get one. And oh man do I love this truck. This is my first new truck. I've taken it everywhere. I've gone to Bakersfield a few times and I just love when people heads turn when I'm in the streets. I love the attention I get. It's truly a sports truck.
I just bought this truck about 4 months ago and I love everything about it from the interior to the 6.0 engine. Just last week I took it to Las Vegas and it was a lot of fun to drive. This is my daily driver so I take it everywhere from work to the grocery store. Definitely recommend it to everyone.
I have had this truck for about 2.5 years now and I still love it. There are a few minor issues I have but overall I love it. I wish Chevy did more to protect the front hood area, the overhang is a bullseye for flying rocks. Just recently started noticing a humming sound from the dash at around 50mph but below or above that I do not hear it. And just started getting squeaky brakes. Other than that I get about 19-20 mpg on the highway and for normal stop and go traffic commuting I get on average 16mpg. 
Just bought this used 2007 and already had it to the shop. Steering shaft making noise (replaced), speaker making noise (replaced), brakes sqeeking alot (cleaned). I guess we will see what happens from here out, but I do love the mileage I am getting (18-19) on road and (14-15) in town. I really think this maybe as smooth of a ride as your going to get out of a truck and that was one of the main selling points to me. Like riding in a car on the highway. Chevy need's to fix these few problem's. Seem's that there are alot of the same issue's out there so you would think they would fix them soon.
We bought this to replace a worn-out 2001 GMC Sierra. It is everything we wanted. Great comfort, great room, nicely appointed. Pulls all four of our boats like a breeze. Our 17 yr old daughter has no comfort complaints when riding in the rear seat. This purchase was done online as a dealership trade at a distance of some three hundred miles from my dealer to the one with the truck. Got $7000 off from Chevrolet and $3500 off from GM card. How could we not afford this truck? We also like this better than a 2005 Tahoe we had for about a year.
Bought brand new with 100k warranty, auto, air, tint, cloth 60/40 seats. work truck. Gets 500 miles to the tank on the highway in Utah. About 21- 22. 19 all around. No problems so far, hauls boat ok. Paid 15k with two ski season passes plus 10 additional. Now have close to thirty and tires are starting to show wear. 
I have owned my Burgandy Z71 Silverado for only a short time now but have driven and owned many other brands of trucks,(Ford, Dodge, Toyota) And this is by far the best. I am a big fan of the classic body style and am not a fan of the new boxy looking one.The ride is comparable to many cadillac's i have driven and yes even with the four wheel drive! I love how my new Silverado sits up high and rides like a Cadillac. I am able to acheive 20 miles to the gallon with mainly highway driving and a little city mix. Excellent for my big beauty. I have OnStar, Bose system, heated seats that feel like a massage and I love the information center. This is a serous truck and the best i've owned or driven yet
I guess I expect more for my money but this was a total rip off. A lifelong Chevy owner & family we purchased it in January 07. Since then, constant brake squeaking, steering column moaning and now the overhead compartment broke loose! After reading all these other problems people have had, I would not recommend this truck - with the price you pay, Chevy needs to learn to make a truck that doesn't fall apart. Seriously disappointed. The dealer has done all work on it and even they tell me Chevy knows that brakes are their #1 problem. Save your money - buy something else that's not in the shop every month! With domestic junk like this, no wonder GM is having a hard time.
My Silverado 1500 Classic has already had to have the rotors and drums turned! What has happened to Chevy's quality? It took the dealership-2 tries to even figure out what was going on. In town driving only--it has the tow pkg--which I don't use. The mpg is horrible. Have been a Chevy family for a long time but no more.
This vehicle cost 36,000. With 11,250 miles and 10 months old, the best trade offer I could get was 17,900. It has been in the shop several times for a total of 22 days. Worse yet, it is a replacement because the 2006 model I had was taken back in under the Lemon Law. This one barely missed falling under the same law. Buying a Chevy truck is the absolute worst vehicle purchasing mistake I have ever made - I will NEVER buy another Chevy.
I like the truck. I've had the steering column replaced 3 times. I've had all 4 door speakers replaced. It has a rattle in the dash area that is hard to find. I would purchase another Chevrolet, but will go with the 2008 body style. My family has 3 other Chevy trucks with similiar problems.
I really enjoy driving my Silevrado. I drove the Nissan Frontier before the Silverado and It was worth trading in on the Silverado. 
Drove Fords for the last 40 Years converted this year, dont know why I didn't see the differance before this. Completely satisifed 
I just recently bought a 2007, Z71, Silverado Classic. It had been sitting on the lot for about a year. On the way home I noticed it bouncing a little bit. The next day I brought it back to the dealer and they replaced the tires for me free of charge. I was told that from sitting the tires had flat spots. I was just really proud of the way the situation was handled.
The 1500 Classic was a great bargain brand new. After adding weight to the bed, the tail end doesn't "jump around" on rough roads anymore. Excellent power and exceleration. I have experienced really great gas mileage with the V8 engine. Typically 316 miles on a half a tank (big tank). The seating is very comfortable for 3 people. The driver side seat squeeks alot and found that the welds that hold the seat down need to be re-welded (warrantied). Surprised that it handles well in bad winter conditions! Hub caps always come loose. Breaks squeel alot but,to dealership for some reason. Aux Power outlet has a electrical burn smell when used. Adding cruise or cd radio is not poss due to computer. 
Love this truck. Doesn't have all the bells/whistles of the new design, but for the price difference, it was a no brainer. 5.3l engine is flawless, as is the tranny. Pulls my 2500# boat without a grunt. No flaws or any defects in 11,000 miles (just like my 2001 Silverado). MPG is 12.5 for towing, 13/14 for city and 18.5/19.5 for highway without towing at 65mph. All this with 4WD and extended cab with the 4.10 axle. Truck is comfortable on long trips. Would definitely recommend it to anyone else including my kids.
We bought 3 of these for '07 for work trucks. The rest of our fleet of work trucks are Nissan Frontiers, but we bought these trucks for cheaper than we could get the Nissans this year. Just under $15k each. I must say, I'm rather impressed. They get the job done for sure. I think I'd rather have a V-8 model since they get about the same gas mileage, but the 4.3 isn't all that bad. Rather comfortable inside, and I would recommened these trucks for sure. The prices really can't be beat, and you certainly get your money's worth.
I have been driving this truck for 6 months and have only 3500 miles on it, but I am very happy with this purchase. Excellent drivability, handling is good, power is weak, but what do you expect with a full sized pickup with a 6 cylinder. It makes up at the gas pump as it makes 19 miles per gallon in combined city and highway. I really can't think of anything I am not happy with so far.
I love to drive this truck. The cabin view allows you to see in all directions better than the Ford or Dodge. I would recommend this truck.
Nice truck for the money. I was looking at Tundras but couldnt beat the price with the Silverado. Not a bad truck but it does have some annoying issues. Fit and finish is poor in my opinion. I am very picky about my vehicles and do not like dash rattles and seat squeaks. I have already had the wheel flares replaced due to defective paint, the rear window has been replaced due to the defrost lines not working. It has the typical dash, seat and door rattles and squeaks. This is annoying on a brand new truck with only 10k miles on it. I wouldnt discourage anyone from buying one, but just beware that no vehicle is perfect and this one has its fair share of problems. 
Just so you know, I would have preferred a Tundra. But, the new Silverado was thousands cheaper than a used Toyota, plus it had the 100K mile warranty. Not a bad deal at all. Plus, it was supposed to get better mileage than the Tundra. Anyway, it's a good truck for the money. 
I love my big,green truck. I think that the last generation of the full- sized GM trucks are really some of the best vehicles that are being sold right now. The paint, fit and finish on the exterior are tremendous and the interior is dated but very familiar and easy to use. All the controls fall to hand easily and theres not anything thats really bad about it other than material quality. The 5.3 310hp engine and automatic transmission feel like they will last forever. Very solid feeling on the road. The factory tow-package and hitch are extremely effective. Even the factory tires have worked well in snowy, muddy conditions. Great truck 
I was looking for a good basic truck. I wanted an extended cab, automatic, small v8 and a towing package. After looking at the new model, I decided that I would rather have a model that had been around for 8 years instead of 8 months. I couldn't be more pleased. I love the roomy interior and comfortable 40/20/40 seats. I prefer rubber flooring instead of carpeting. Fantastic truck for less than $20,000.
My 2007 Classic Chevy Z71 Classic Ext. cab has got to be one of the nicest trucks that I have ever owned. The inside is comfortable, the outside is rugged and stylish, and mechanically the truck is fantastic
This is one of the best trucks that I've ever owned. Works great with the tow package and off road package. 
I have enjoyed my truck. It was the best deal for the price. Also has 100K mile warranty. #1 consumer reports for reliability in 1/2 ton trucks. Better gas mileage than the other makes. Very spacious cab and more comfortable than you would expect a truck to be. Good power with lots of add-ons and accessories that are available. I have a superchip programmer, Fram-boost COI, air-raid thottle body spacer, and flow- master 50 series dual exhaust. I just had it dyno'd and I am getting more HP and torque than the stock 5.3L. Stock or modified, you can't go wrong with this vehicle.
We purchased the vehicle in November of 2006, great byuing experience at the dealership.The truck is beautiful looking. Drives like a Caddy on the highway and very comfortable. Fuel mileage is reasonable, but I will wait until the 10000 mile mark to recheck it. Now the bad stuff, transmission slips in 2nd, thump noise from the rear is the rear wheels lose traction and spin,annoying dash rattle and seat squeak. Last but not least the metal on the roof is really thin, so much so that the blow dryer in the car wash actually pushes the roof down when it blows the roof dry. The front fenders bend very easily near the windshield, I found that out during an ice storm. 
I'm so happy about this purchase. I did buy my truck and was in doubt, because the all new Chevy Silverado, but I think this one, the classic, looks better than the new one. The front is bolder than the all new, probably the interior it's better in the all new, but I'm so happy, and i received a $2000 rebate, and they paid off my trade-in, and they gave me 3 oil changes free, and 2 full tanks free. I'm so glad, the warranty its great. I strongly recommend this one over Ford, Dodge, Nissan and Toyota. And I recommend buying the extended warranty. It's cheap and covers for 6 years bumper 2 bumper.
Traded in a 2007 Silverado regular cab 1500 5.3L for this truck. Very happy with the basic design and price. Also happy with the 18-19 MPG, I am experiencing. Truck handles well and has a much better stereo and interior lighting. No bells and whistles means more affordable and less accessories to break. 
Plastic interior, road noise. Overall fit and finish. GM has to improve. Factory tires could have been upgraded. Exterior look still has Chevy tuff look. 
I couldn't be happier with this truck. Got such a great deal that I couldn't pass up the opportunity. Comfortable interior, great classic look and power.
This vehicle delivered the most bang for the buck. The competition was more expensive, less spacious, and in most cases offered a lower MPG. The Red Tag Offer combined with a generous rebate made this an irresistable deal. 
This truck has loads of power and is very good on fuel. Pulls my 26 ft boat easy as pie. Very strong truck
This is my 2nd Silverado regular cab WT from this generation truck. Other than a rougher ride than I recall in the '04 I am fairly satisfied. The rough ride may be because GM converted to 17 inch wheels for gas mileage in '05 versus 16 inchers on the '04, or because one of the OEM General tires was noticeably out of round. Took a trip to the tire store to get it fixed, but still bumpier than I recall on the last one. So far it is averaging 17MPG in town with a lot of that being on the freeway at about 60MPH, so hopefully that will improve as the vehicle gets a bit more broken in. It was hard to beat the price of the regular cab Classic back in October when GM had $4K rebates on it.
After putting an additional $7 grand into the motor and suspension, supercharger, intake, exhaust, fuel management and cam, along with some suspension mods, my SS blows away my friends SRT 10 everywhere, drags or through the twistys! And with the $14 grand I had left over from what he payed for his SRT 10, I bought my son and I brand new dirt bikes and a really nice trailer! And still have money left over for gas for the next 12 months! All my mods are dealer friendly and do not comprimise my warranty!
All I can say this is a GREAT Truck. Rides smooth and if you want power the 6.0L has all the speed and pulling power that you need, 380lbs of torque. The 6.0 performance package is nice 3.73, lock diff, tow package, oil cooler, upgraded suspension/shocks and 20 inch wheels provide lots of meat on the ground. Gas milage good for engine size city 15 Hwy 19-20 average. I chose the Classic version cause of the beefy stanse in the front and to me, more room inside, I'm 6'4" 250 plus and have more than enough space. The BOSE sound system is nice and clear. Good pricing out there for the pacakge, when your driving around how many old Dodges do you see. 2007 Silverado is a nice truck, built to last.
Good power and sleek design.Tight interior with great AC and stereo. Very roomy.
Just traded up from an '04 Extended Cab Silverado (needed more interior room for growing family). Love every bit of this truck. Great interior space and great list of standard features. Test drove all the competition and to me the Chevy was the best all around performer. Tundra had too high a step-in height to not have standard step bars. Nissan gas mileage was too low. Dodge backseat was far too small. Ford's standard V- 8 was far too weak. I look forward to many years with this truck. I love every bit of this truck and strongly recommend it!
I had to identify my needs verses my wants. Driving trucks in Texas, I needed an all around pickup to transport friends and family while having the ability to pull a light trailer. Use around the ranch, hill country hunting, and open highway. Although a Ford man, Chevy was my choice in a crew cab, C-1500, short bed. The 4.8 V8 is a little under powered for pulling light trailers, less than 2000 lbs. Running empty, it's OK about 20 MPG. It was a difficult choice between Dodge and Chevy. The GM product just had better parts availability and cheaper. Next time, would buy the 5.3 V8 for my all around needs.
The '07 Silverado is a great truck. Very solid, rides great, handles great, not squeaks or rattles. Sits low in the front for a 4x4, but only requires slight adjustment of torsion bars to get 2" more lift in the front. I get over 20 mpg on the highway with the 5.3 liter. It has great power and acceleration. I drove the Dodge and Ford equivalent and Chevy has them beat hands down. Dodges are less money, but don't have the power. Ford F-150 cost more and ride like crap, and don't have the same space as the Chevy extended cab. You can't go wrong with this truck.
Traded a 2005 Colorado for this truck. First tank of gas yielded 15 MPG which included pulling a 2000 pound boat in the mountains. The RPM does not jump off the scale (5,000), as did the Colorado (which got only 16 MPG). The 4.8L V8 appears to be the key. I tested a 5.3L and ran out of gas before the road test ended. The 4.8 is smooth and powerful at any speed. I hope the gas mileage improves as did the other Chevy trucks. A great ride!
Good riding, powerful truck. Barely notice 22' pontoon boat being pulled. I love the exterior design. It is well equiped for the price. Very roomy inside the cab. Nice sounding stereo too. 
I loved the looks of this truck when I purchased it. I had decent performance until I hooked my camper up to it. My Ford F-150 was much better at pulling my camper and the Ford did it with less shifting and better gas mileage. The 5.3 has good number but in the real world it is not much.
The Chevy Silverado 1500 is possibly the best truck on the market for its value. I own the LT3 model 4 door. It is so comfortable inside and fun to just look at it. The new technology that Chevy has is amazing. Although it is a very large V8 engine it only uses the amount of cylinders it needs. It looks like the Rolls Royce of trucks and drives like a Cadillac . In my book it is a perfect 10
Having good luck so far 3.73 gears 6speed auto getting 14.5 average 6 mile drive to work. Pulls good haven't checked pulling mpg yet. Wish the cab had more room behind the seat and seats don't flip fwd far enough. Overall happy with it has 13,000 miles
I purchased this vehicle to tow a travel trailer which it did very well in the beginning. I dont have a lot of room so I'm going to list the parts that have been replaced on my truck at 50,000 miles.Front Locking Hubs,Pressure Relief valve,Rear end,Complete Engine with turbo,Turbo,Front axle, I paid $38000 for this truck and am now over $13000 deep in repairs the warranty would not cover the engine they said I drove through to deep of water and it sucked it into the intake from the bottom,bad investment on my part I guess these 4x4's arent supposed to leave the pavement.
Bought new to tow 5th wheel. 6.0 liter gas engine/auto tranny/cloth interior. Getting 14mpg around town (speeds range from 60mph to 30 mph, stop and go) Have not had an unladen trip on the highway yet so I don't know the mileage there but will by the end of July - I'm hoping for 18mpg. Paint is thin and scratches very easily - a big disappointment for me. Interior is dated; exterior is boxy, reliability has been good but I only have 6k on the the beast. Build quality is average. Ride is stiff even at 50psi in the tires. It does have power! Lookout boys, it's gonna unwind!
I own a rare 2007 Silverado 2500 HD model, of which only 166 were made (and only 10 in my color red). It's registered with GM Vintage Vehicle Services, and I have the appropriate documentation. It's a 9200 lb gvw tank that can pull 12,900 lbs. It's a dream to drive and gets up to 32 mpg highway, although rated at 25 mpg. It's a dream to drive and I can go from Vancouver across B.C. through the mountains with only tapping the brakes 3 times due to automatic grade braking and auto-manual push button shifting. I have it in car shows all the time, yet its still a working truck used for trailering. I'm extremely happy with this awesome vehicle, which gets same fuel economy as my first new Toyota.
I have now had my '07 duramax 2500HD for two years (see review under by name) Over 30,000 miles later, I am even more impressed with this truck. I have had exactly no major issues.... None! This is not what I had expected since it was an American made truck. This is our car of choice for long trips...it is so comfortable. Gas mileage seems to be getting a little better with diesel engine (around 19 to 21 on long trips, 16 to 18 in town). I would buy this truck all over again. 
Bought this as a replacement for my 2001 crew cab duramax. I was a little worried about if it would be able to tow my 12000 lb trailer since it has the 6 liter gas engine. As it turned out it has no problem whatever towing it and the 6sp allison tranny is a joy. The mileage could be a little better but since regular gas is alot cheaper here than diesel it works out alright. I especially like the built in trailer braking system instead of having the aftermarket unit hanging under the dash. After 20000 miles I have not had a single problem with this truck . It is as tight and quiet as the day I bought it. I only use it for towing our 35 ft camper. Again love this truck.
Great performance, have to check the mirrors to see if the car hauler is still behind me when I'm towing. Interior seems smaller than my '04 but still comfortable. A little too much bling with the chrome bumpers and the bulges in an attempt to make it look bigger than it really is. Had the front bumper painted black to match the body color. Looks a lot cleaner.
I get poor gas MPG with the 6L VORTEC V8 which should be bore tech because between the crappy shifting in the 6 spd trans always shifting drives me nuts and the 9.5 Miles per Gallon, with only a work box on it. Plus the suspension in can not hole the work box, Max payload is 3800 lbs. and the box alone weights that. Bad choice by me, and listening to the salesperson get rid of an old truck and not paying a little extra for what I really need. Bad part is I would loose over $8,000 dollars to sell it, Plus what it would cost to get a new one! Upgraded suspension cost installed, $3875! 
The 2500HD rides so much better than a 1500, especially on long trips and going over the mountains. Pulling a car trailer with a 55 Chevy you don't even know it is back there. 
For all of its power, heavy duty cargo and towing capacity, and rugged looks, its handling capabilities, ride, and interior make it a dream to drive and ride in. Chevy has done it! No longer the so-so looking truck on the road. Its body style makes this truck attractive to even the died-in-the-wool Dodge or Ford enthusiast such as I was prior to the 2007 Silverado HD truck I now own. I love the suspension, electronic 4- wheel drive shifter on the dash and towing capacity of the Vortec 8 cyl., six speed transmission. This truck does not even flinch a little when it is towing my 10,000 pound horse trailer with equipment and our horses. We live in Wyoming so it tows up and down hills.
This is a great truck! It has, what seems like, unlimited power, pretty good gas mileage and outstanding creature comforts. The interior of the truck makes long drives easy; I wish I had this truck in college, it would have made the road trips even more exciting.
I bought my 2007 Silverado because of the new design, and I needed a new truck. The truck is great, runs great, smooth, quiet, and has plenty of power. The only thing I don't like is the gas mileage, I have 2000 miles on my truck so far, and mostly highway driving and I can't get better than 11 mpg. all and all the truck is nice, but the fuel economy is not worth buying a truck like this.
We just turn 6,000 miles on our 07 2500HD crew cab with Duramax diesel and we love this truck. We traded in our 04 1500 extended cab for this truck. We looked at the 07 2500 classic trucks, but glad we waited. Vast improvement inside & out, higher bed sides on outside, completely new interior inside, no more cheap plastic pieces. Thicker leather on seats, great new dash with radio that can mix memory between FM, AM & XM for each "FAV" setting. Towing is incredible, beats any gas engine, any size. You can barely tell you are towing, very comfortable, able to tow our trailer up Mammoth upgrade on 395 with cruise control on, passing all the sad little gas engines on the side of the road!
Just put 6000 miles on our 07 2500HD crew cab with the Duramax diesel. We replaced our 2004 Silverado 1500 for towing our toy hauler, which is 10,000+ lbs when loaded with bikes. It tows with ease, very comfortable even up steep grades. Handeling is good, corners well too. The cabin is also much nicer, leather on seats is thicker than on our 04 truck. Overall interior fit and finish just as nice as any import. The trailering mirrors are great, much bigger than previous and with smaller miror on bottom. I can now actually see cars in blind spots. Overall we are very happy with our upgrade to the 2500 HD with Duramax diesel, just a great truck.
Just got this truck last week. Very comfortable to drive. Power is amazing, particularly off the line. Very quiet. Won't fit in the garage as it is too tall and long. A bit disappointed with the Bose sound system. Nice but certainly not audiophile quality. Nav system very user friendly. In new body style, they changed the passengers dome light from an airliner reading light to a more generic light. Result is that the light cannot be turned away from driver at night resulting in too much glare. 
After having two Z71 Suburbans, I gave in and purchased a truck that could pull my 30ft. RV and still be driver in the city. This is a great truck, quality is tops. I have almost 4000 miles and have not had any problems. I have also noticed that once the truck warms up, the mileage is not bad for a big gasoline engine. I have averaged 16 on the road and around 13 in town. Considering the size, power etc. this is not bad. The six speed transmission is great for pulling. My RV weighs in at about 7500lbs and you can't even tell it's there. I have driven in North Carolina pulling the trailer in the mountains with no issues. I haven't missed my Suburban. 
This is my first diesel and I am absolutely amazed at the quick response in acceleration. I've only put 1600 miles on it but average 15 mpg around town and just over 17 hwy. The interior is absolutely great. Instruments are easy to read and with the steering wheel controls, don't have to look around to do most of the common things done while driving (cruise control, radio station, volume). The dash information center is great, mileage avgerage, distance to go before refill. The added feature of integrated brake control for trailering is fantastic. The 180 degree rear doors are really great when loading goods or people in the back seat. Diesel is very quiet. You can actually talk while driving. 
This is a great ride. It looks good, runs good,and has the options I wanted. I just would like to get better gas mileage but who wouldn`t? I`m waiting now for more goodies to put on it.
What an amazing truck. I have had it for a little over a month and put almost 3200 miles on it. New Duramax is incredible. Very little turbo lag. Everything about this truck is the way a truck should be. All the toys and finally a power rear slider integrated trailer brake rear parking assist. Navigation is easy to use and ride is actually improved
Test drove and researched reviews and maintenance histories of the big three, and settled on the Chevy to pull my 5th Wheel. I'm so impressed that I'm taking the time to post this review, and like other reviewers, I have nothing but praise for the Duramax/Allison pwertrain - quiet and dependable, this is one towing beast. Pulled my 14,000 lb trailer coast-to- coast, up and over the White Mountains while passing cars climbing the hills. While the comment about "acres of plastic" is true, and I find the exterior styling less appealing than similar Fords, I bought it to haul and stay out of the shop, and it does both better than the competition. This is a great truck.
After much discussion between gas and diesel, we went with the Duramax. Just awesome is all I can say. We just pulled a 4 horse trailer cross country, 9 days and 6500 miles later my back was not even sore from the ride. Engine never slowed across any of the mountains. Plenty of room to lay out in the back and sleep while trading off driving. I revamped some built in headrest dvd players from an H3 and they look great. Should be an option.
Purchased to pull a trailer and love it so much it has become my daily driver. It has plenty of power and fuel mileage is acceptable due to the diesel and Allison 6 speed transmission. I live in snow country and the 4wd, heated seats, defrosters are all excellent.
Great riding and driving truck! Can handle the occassional work load well! Good reliabilty! The new six speed automatic transmission is a dissappointment! I currently still own a 2500hd classic with the old 4 speed automatic trans and under similar driving conditions cosistently gets 3.1 miles per gallon better fuel economy! I would have expected the 6 speed to get better fuel economy than the old one! 
Just traded a Dodge 1500 Hemi for this 2007 2500HD with the Vortec 8100 and Allison six speed automatic. Wow this thing really goes! It is better than the old 454 engine. I needed a lot of pulling capacity but did not need the expense of the DuraMax, this really fills the need. Gas mileage is about 12.5 mpg around town and 14.5 on the highway and it loves regular gas. Drivers seat is much better than the Dodge was. Steering is not quite as good, seems to wander at high speeds. Could be the E load tires compared to the 20" tires on the Dodge. Attention Dodge owners: Chevy dealers will not give you anything on trade if you have a 05-07 Dodge. Overall very strong truck. 
Duramax w/ Allison Trans is the way to go. I regularly pull a 13.5K fifth wheel and sometimes forget it is back there. Rides better than my SUV, gets better fuel economy (gotta love a diesel) and has all the same creature comforts. I would definitely buy again, although I'm thinking I won't have to.
I just got this 2500HD with the 6.0 gas engine and I love it. Even though this is the basic W/T version, it gives me plenty of cash to play with to make changes. Ride is great for a 3/4 ton even with "E" tires. Interior is nice and I enjoy having the 40/20/40 bench seat. Easy to clean just like my wife's Element with the vinyl flooring (not missing the carpet). Just added a performance exhaust and love the sound and launch!!! FYI, I've been driving diesels for the last 8 years and loved them, but missed the raw power of the gas engine. Trade-off is the low mileage though, but loads of fun to drive and cheap to insure! 
This is the nicest truck on the road hands down. I test drove all 3 competitors (Ford, Dodge and Chevy) and Chevy takes the cake. The ride is superior, engine is loud like the powerstroke and cummins, more HP(365 and more torque 660 lbs) very roomy and comfortable. Just needs bigger tires. Price is more and I could of got a diesel for 40 grand but hey 45 grand for a Chevy and that truck is worth it. 5 stars
This is an awesome truck! I am super impressed with the power and acceleration of the Duramax/Allison combination. The ride is excellent and very quiet. The interior is not super flashy but it is very driver friendly. It also seats my family of 5 and my black lab very well (Crew Cab).
I am very impressed with this truck. It is the Duramax Diesel(LBZ 6.6l) with Allison Transmission. It's solid truck that drives extremely well. It is very quiet for a diesel. My kids actually fall asleep in it when we are on the highway because it is so smooth. Although, this truck has a lot of power! I like the body style but if I could change one thing it would be the tiny tires they put on this hulking truck. It really hurts the overall look of it and most buyers of this truck change them immediately anyways. 
Great truck! The ride is better than either Dodge or Ford across my dirt roads. On the highway it does not ride as well as my wife's Suburban, but still much better than the other trucks I have. Handles well, better than most trucks that are not "sporterized". I test drove all three domestic truck lines and this was head and shoulders above the competition. Fuel mileage is low, but this is probably due to the engine break in period.
I traded in my 2003 Suburban which I loved. I can't believe the changes! I thought I was already driving a nice ride, but Chevy has out done themselves. It is much roomier, rides like a dream and handles great. I was amazed with the turning radius. I was able to make a U-turn on a divided 2 lane street without clipping the curb. I love the 8/4 5.3L engine. I am averaging 22 mpg. I will admit most of my drive is commute (65 mph). The 2 third row seats nicely fold up against the second row with ease. In this configuration I carried a four tier wedding cake (separated), two large cube ice chest, three suitcases, 6 12 can cases of soda and several loose clothing bags with room left over.
Transmission is junk. 4,000 miles after warranty expired the transmission failed. Searches on the internet produced many hits with the same issue. It seems Chevy knows this is an issue and has failed to do anything about it. Sad that a vehicle that costs over $50k can fail after only 40k miles... This is my second Suburban to have the same problem. Definitely buying an import next time. Americans cannot build cars.
I can't remember if it's LT or LS. It's in the shop right now for the a/c- heat issues I've had with it since I bought it used a year ago. I have 3 kids and 2Lg dogs, it was excellent for driving from Alaska to La. last summer besides the heat going out while we were in the mts and a/c not working once we got in the southern states. Ar. dealership changed a part $250, Mechanic here changed parts twice $800+, Dealership here is trying to charge me $2,000 to replace half the a/c :( The shocks make it ride like a Cadillac. Flex fuel doesn't seem to make that big a difference. It does guzzle oil. The captains chairs in the center would be ideal in all of these large SUV's and make my job easier.
Z71 4WD that uses E85 consistently. I put a K&N air system, not just the filter into the engine and the performance increased remarkably. I use synthetic oil from first oil change and have not had the oil loss that others claim, but I do change my own oil. There have been several computer upgrades that this truck needs or else trans light come on for transfer case,etc.. Once this is taken care of have not had any problems. We use this for our long distance travel and I use it for heavy construction equipment repair offroad, sometimes WAY off road and it has always amazed me and others on scene with it ability to do what custom lifted vehicles can do in factory standard mode. 
Wife traded in her 2005 Tahoe for this truck, it has been great. A couple of minor problems - knob on rear control fell off and piece of plastic in storage area broke, but besides that no problems. Have seen the dreaded "low oil" light once, brought it in. It is currently burning 1 pint of oil every 3K miles, so I hope it does not get worse - dealer said this was common...
We got this car in anticipation of our 3rd child. I love the design and drive of this car but I have a problem with the oil. The low oil light has come on frequently causing a rebuild of the valves and a baffle replacement. I also had a drain on the battery that left my mom stranded unable to get to my daughter at school in time. Now I am told the oil problem is a problem with this model and will need a complimentary top off when it comes on. UGGG. The car isn't even 3 years old yet. 
This is a nice SUV when we purchased it it was much more expensive than they are today. The truck is used for both work and play. The truck has served us well but it has had many service issues from the trans going out to the DVD/ CD player that stopped working at 38K. Please keep in mind it had maybe played 20CD's and 10 movies in its life. GM has been poor when it comes to standing behind this SUV. After over 30 GM cars in my life this for me is the last one my wife will only drive GM so I will have one in my garage. In the end this is a very expensive car to maintain out of warranty. 
With a big family & dog lack of space is not an issue, anymore. Our Suburban has been successfully tested in one of the fiercest winters (08/09) on European roads. Also very popular in Europe: FlexFuel E85 works perfectly.
It's a beautiful car but within the 2 years we've had this, we have had to take it in to the dealership 10+ times for various issues (key fob, 4wd going out, 7th cylinder went out, etc). Each time one thing is fixed, something else goes out and we're left with no car. We bought it brand new no less. I have read more good than bad reviews, so I think we just bought a Monday/Friday car. If it weren't for the issues that keep cropping up, I adore this car. It's gorgeous, cushy, and compared to the Ford SUV's that cost 5k more, you get tons more features. Hopefully GM can figure out how to avoid these problems with current/future Suburbans.
This is such a nice truck. It's a shame that the value of the vehicle drops like a lead balloon. My MSRP was $56000. It's now worth 27K on trade. Less than half in a year and half. Should have bought a Lexus. With what I've lost on this one I could buy the Lexus. Why is it American cars lose their value so fast compared to the imports. The leather feels like pleather not a soft type material. How sad that the Big 3 need a bailout. Maybe we should stop building these vehicles and leave it up to the foreign car market. How sad! If you are thinking of these be ready to take the big hit on resale value. 
Our first Suburban and my wife and I are impressed. This is a beautiful, sharp looking vehicle, I have 4 kids and they love it. They are happy, wife is happy, we are all comfortable. Have taken on long trips and at one point I had 11 people in the vehicle. My sister that owns a Hummer now wants a Suburban because it is practical, reliable, is gorgeous and comfortable
I was shopping for a new Cadillac, but fell in love with 2007 Suburban. It drives and rides better. My 1992 has 210,000 miles and still does not use a quart oil between changes. So far my new one is great. I average 16 miles in town and that's better than my friend's Highlander's 15. For me and my needs our Suburban is great. It's funny all my friends drive small imports, but they aways want me to drive. My taste, guess I am use to my 1992, 
17K, add engine oil light came on. Noted to be 2 qts low. Thought this was odd since too new for this to occur. 22K, light came on again. Dealer stated "not uncommon to burn thru a quart or 2 in the break in period. Funny. Light has come on at least 8 times. Burned thru 12+ qts in the past 10K. Dealer has done pressure test, die test (although they never finalized procedure as they claimed they did), checked valve springs for knicks (according to TSB). No oil coming out of tailpipe and no leaks what so ever. Dealer keeps telling me to put on more miles. No resolution to date. I'm done! Have seen others with same problem on the web. Do not recommend this vehicle & MPG stinks
Got rid of '05 Freestar - excellent mini van - because of whoops baby. Plane Jane, 5.3L, 3 cloth bench seats, rear air, after marked twin DVD system, sindle CD.15K miles down and not one problem. I can get 18 to 20mpg - and not a pinch more - by driving with my big toe. Wife gets 16 to 18mpg w/her 80lb foot. Not so good mpg on E85, as advertised, but performance does not suffer. Has been through four seasons, and the '07 winter in WI was rough, and did everything I asked of it. Rides great, stops great, doesn't sway in corners too much, (c'mon it's a biggie.) Fit / finish is great. Easy to work on for the do-it-yourself-er oil changer, but would change location angle of drain plug. 
Nice looking truck but way too many serious issues in two years. SW issue that causes battery to drain, when the battery drains with this particular issue then call a flat-bed. Front right axle seal leak (can't be truly fixed as this is a design issue...just keep replacing the same gasket every time it starts leaking!) 4-wheel driver failure. Front transfer case bearing failure...special order for parts required. Rear plastic bumper loses 'shape' on the bottom within one year...looks very cheap. Very frustrating.
I bought this truck over a year ago, i could not resist. I had a an Avalanche before which I used for both construction and leisure made over 70,000 miles, and let me tell you I new I could depend on Chevy. After having a baby and with the anticipation for the new Chevy model I purchased Suburban and I would not change for anything else. The possibilities with this truck are endless. It's a safe, smooth ride, love the space.
We traded in out 05 Trailblazer EXT on this new 07 Suburban what a difference. I cannot get my wife out of the drivers seat she loves all of the features. Chevy did it's homework on this Suburban. A+++ is all that I can say. We get 2-3mpg more then her 05 TB. She loves he remote start, heated seats, power lift gate, power 2nd row seats. The room it's like a closet on wheels we can haul everything.
I tried to convince her to get a minivan but she insisted on this tank instead. I am glad she did. This vehicle is the ultimate for hauling a big family with lots of gear. It is more comfortable to drive and be a passenger in than any vehicle I could think of. To ride in one of the rear buckets is a pleasure, I only wish I could experience more often. It also gets reasonable fuel mileage on the highway for such a monster. (better than 20 mpg).
What a mistake. The fob hasn't worked correctly since we purchased it ? seats move, windshield washer operates un- expectantly, lift-gate opens when the remote start key is pushed... Worst yet, the engine ?seized? at 15K miles. GM replaced the engine under warranty but has done nothing to assured us that we haven?t got a lemon. In fact they have just about convinced us we do! Now we have a lag between when the accelerator is pushed and the vehicle moves, which we?ve been told is ?normal? or ?within tolerance?. Going Japanese for our next vehicle.
Bought a 1500 LTZ 2 months ago. Love this vehicle, however, there are a few recommendations: auto up windows, more storage spaces, 3rd row does not fold flat, the active fuel management only goes into 4 cylinder mode when going downhill or on decel. (My Honda Odyssey will cruise at 83 mph in 3 cylinders!) With active fuel management, my economy is no better than with my 03 Suburban without it. What's up with that? Navigation does not seem to be accurate. My Honda also is better with this. I do love the looks, styling, comfort, OnStar, DVD system except not being able to listen to a CD when kids are watching a movie. Turning radius is greatly improved over older models.
I purchased this White 2007 Suburban LT 2 with rear entertainment system for my wife as we are expecting our 5th child ( in 4 years ) and her 2004 Mazda MPV was just too small to be comfortable. I, being in the auto sales busines, ( I have been selling Mercedes Benz for 2 years ), I researched every SUV out there. After driving everything, I settled down on the Suburban. My wife was very nervous about driving such a large SUV, But After a couple of weeks with the Suburban, I can not get her to let me take it out, she is in love with it and will never go back to a mini van. 
This is our first Chevy SUV. We've had the Ford Expedition and an Acura MDX. Interior design looks cheap. We've had numerous issues and recalls to contend with. Key fobs not working, replaced latch on 3rd row seat; there is not enough horsepower with the 1500 and in Houston traffic merging onto the freeway is dangerous. The Nav system is designed poorly and ineffective. And, now, latch on other seat is broken. We've not even had this car for a year yet - and it has been in the dealership for repairs 5-6 times in the first few months. If I wouldn't lose so much, I'd trade this car in today for the Expedition EL. Do not buy this car - go for the Expedition EL.
If you don't want the price of leather, skip the '07 Suburban! We traded in a '02 Suburban that we loved and got a lemon. The fabric seats attract lint and hold it even through a vaccuuming with a $600 vaccuum. We have to vaccuum and then use a lint roller to even get close to getting the seats clean. We purchased fabric because we were so satisfied with the Chevy fabric in our '02 Suburban and '05 Chevy pickup. The '07 is a step in the wrong direction! At 6'4", I also have a problem with the location of the 4wheel drive knob. I knock it and turn it on everytime I get in without realizing it. Our 3rd row passenger seat has also had the knob for flipping it forward broken twice. 
We looked at other SUVs but in the end the Suburban is the best choise for our family of 7. The comfort of the interior is by far the best in its class. Altough you have to get a third row 3 passanger seat upgrade to get full passanger capacity. The ride is smooth and quiet. It handles great with turns and braking. I noticed the braking time is much better on this model. I would recomend this suv to anyone looking for comfort and room. It also has the largest cargo area. And is great for moving and 4'x8' material, as well as any other home improvement materials. It's the all in one truck at a good price!
Traded in a 2000 GMC Yukon XL which was mediocre as to reliability. This vehicle is outstanding. I may have to borrow it from my wife and stop driving a luxury sedan. We bought the LTZ - hey, it's her 50th BDay. The whole family loves it, including the dog.
This is the 2nd Suburban we have owned. The 2500 2wd with 4.10 rear end provides for 9700 pounds of towing capacity, and 2600 pounds of cargo capacity. This is truly a great vehicle. Awesome upgrade from the 2005 1/2ton. I used to be a Ford guy, not after looking at the material quality on the Expedition EL.
I have had the '07 Burb for 7 months now. It is my 3rd Suburban. If you need to tow forget the 2500. The hitch height is 23" vs the previous 15" and is a pain to set up. It is clear that the new Burb was designed for the ladies and the 2500 should have been dropped. The factory NAV system is so limited that I use my Garmin portable and shut it off. GM was obsessed with form and style rather than function on the 07 2500. The 6.0 engine is whimpy for a serious tow vehicle. I'd sell today if I wouldn't lose my behind on the deal. I only have 6K on the odometer rather than the 12K to 14K I put on my previous Burbs in the same time.
Moved to this LTZ vehicle after 3 successive 7 series BMWs. It is day and night but it is also a pretty positive surprise. This truck drives well, has plenty of power and the luxury features (NAV, DVD, power everything) do work properly. It actually looks quite good externally and other than the gas mileage and lousy sound system (Bose premium), I have no bad thing to say about it so far. Hauling capacity is astounding.
We just purchased a 2007 Burb LTZ 4X4. Love the car! We were looking at the Ford Expedition EL, but once we drove the 'Burb, we could not go back to the Ford. The interior is so much more comfortable and logical. The Ford seemed forced. The Ford does have the better rear seats, when folded down, but we decided that we would rather be happy the other 95% of the time when we are just driving as a family. 
The truck is real nice, but it is a Chevy and everything you have read about Chevy turning its products around is wrong. Now it is better than the '06 model. but still does not come close to the Japenese. I have the sunroof and it rattles like crazy. I took it back to the dealership and was told nothing wrong and I would have to deal with it. So I have $45k rattle trap. The interior is very nice, plenty of room. I guess it's about preference. I looked at the Toyota Sequoia and the Chevy does have a better interior and more room. But the quality is still not there like Toyota. It's all about what you want, but don't be fooled, it's still a Chevy.
Only bad thing I can say is, "Why aren't there latch seats on the drivers side on the 2nd row bench?". Otherwise great. Replacing our 2003 Sequoia. Hope it proves as reliable.
What an unbelievable machine. I went with the Z71 package to get the two- tone seats and dashboard look. Very nice! Equipped with all the toys. GM has hit a home run with this redesign. The ride is much improved and the new styling puts in the class of other luxury SUV's, but with more performance and features for the money. If you're looking for plenty of room, power, features, and comfort but without the pretentiousness of the Escalade, Navigator, or LX470, this is the perfect choice. My son and his baseball teammates loved it travelling to this past weekend's tourney! 
I just bought a 2007 2500 6.0 Suburban to replace my previous 8.1. The 6.0 is way underpowered and gets about 1.5 mpg less than the 8.1 during normal driving and .5 to 1.0 less when towing. The worst part is the wind noise when towing. I had it "fixed" with a new engineering upgrade to the weather-stipping and flip gate glass and it still is really bad. The GM engineers said that this is a good as it gets and that since the noise is only during towing that's the current fix. Good answer for a $50K vehicle! If you tow, beware.This truck is severely underpowered and the wind noise will drive you crazy. 
Spent a fair amount of time researching new vehicles and came to only one conclusion - 2007 Suburban. No regrets or second thoughts. This is by far the smoothest vehicle on the market, truck or car. GM leaps ahead of the competition in build quality and creature comforts. This is a machine you have to drive to appreciate.
Since our purchase of the '07 'burb early this year we are more than satisfied. The Suburban has lots of space, a smooth ride and a really good looking dash. Fuel mileage is great even topping the advertized 15 city and 20 highway. Parking brakes were not set up correctly - they had to be fixed. Bulb changes are a horror. These issues are minor. There were no rattles so far and we love to feel safe in this vehicle.
Well, after months and months of research we did it. 2007 LTZ 4x4. Best quality in years. GM got this one right. Mileage is very good for this burb. 15/20. I have been getting 17 mixed to work and can't wait to take it on a long trip. I'm sure we will hit 20+. I know others with much smaller SUV's that don't get as good milage and we have much more room! You know who you are. Nav is great, Smooth ride, lots of room, easy to drive. We didn't get a 'burb last time and wish we had. Do your homework you will buy one too. 
I have a 3LT with a few extras. Much quieter and better riding than the '02, no problems to report. Rear park assist is great. Braking and handling much improved, feels safer at high speeds. Stock Goodyear tires lousy, replaced with Firestone Destination L/E. Where did the rear cargo net go? Gas mileage 11 city 16 highway- still breaking in.
I purchased this truck as a secondary SUV to my wife?s LX470. Although not quite as refined as my wife?s Lexus, the Suburban is not that far behind. It drives great, has tons of room (way more than the Lexus), looks great (I love the ?07 redesign), and gets far better gas mileage than the Lexus while providing more power. Also, when comparing to the Denali/ESV, I found the Suburban to be a far better value with very comparable features ? the horsepower difference does not seem that noticeable in everyday driving, and the low gear is important to me as I will be driving at times in deep snow in VT. I highly recommend this vehicle to anyone in the market for a full-size SUV. 
I would have given the Suburban good marks for some of the design features but I wanted to get everyone's attention. Donot buy this vehicle if you drive in snow. We hit a minor snow drift and are now out over $900 for front bumper repairs. After extensive time on the phone with GM, they were unwilling to stand behind the vehicle. They said it was caused by environmental issues. The environment they are talking about is the reason we have a 4x4. Now when it snows, we can't leave the house until the road is plowed. I don't have any idea what we're going to do when it snows while we're away. Based on GM's unwillingness to stand behind the design, this is the last GM vehicle I'll ever buy
LTZ - excellent all the way around. Great looks for a large SUV. Gadgets are great. Excellent layout and space. Kids love it. Gas mileage not bad for a large SUV. 
Here are two updates: First, I never get better than 12/15 miles per gallon city/highway. Second and more importantly, I found the first flaw on this truck. After not being able to start the truck twice because of a run- down battery, I learned from a Chevy dealer that, because of all the lights and electric accessories in the LTZ version, you need to drive 30 minutes to recharge the battery. Mind you, this is not an issue of running accessories with the engine off. This is getting in and out of the truck and perhaps opening and closing the electric rear gate before taking your five minute drive to and from the train station every weekday. After a while the battery is dead.
Third Suburban I've had, best yet for ride and comfort. Still would like to have cargo doors back and the red exterior color offerered is really maroon. What were they thinking when they shortened the cargo length to less than 8 ft?
We have had 3 Suburbans in the past along with Toyota Sequoia. This beats it hands down! Great ride, great interior, great exterior look. Cudos for GM! A great American car company!
We bought the Suburban because we needed a family vehicle that can tow 5,000lb boat/trailer. We love the car except for two things. Fuel mileage has been much less than advertised. Our city driving doesn't have too much stop and go. Highways run fast. We still average only 13.7mpg. Part of the problem is we live on a hill, and as soon as you have to climb, it drinks fuel like crazy. We also have to tow the boat over a mountain pass. Friends with diesel pickups can tow a similar boat at 80mph without breaking a sweat. On the steep parts of the climb, we can't go more than 55 because the car has to downshift. Perhaps we should have gone with the 6L engine. Diesel Suburban please!
The Suburban beats the Excursion by far including comfort, fuel economy, and most important, style.
Trunk well put together. Tight and quiet. Fuel mileage is as expected for mountainous region,16.8mpg. Radio volume is a bit weak when trying to crack up to a good XM radio song. Overall, very content with this vehicle. BTW, I moved from an Diesel Excursion to this "Burban"
Second Suburban I've owned. Previous one was 3/4ton 4x4. The 2007 is absolutely incredible. How they make that solid of a ride so smooth I don't know. The new body design looks so much sleeker, less boxy and biggish. Couldn't talk the wife into it initially ("it's too big"). But now she wants me to drive the Maxima and her the Suburban. Now she's saying, "It's so easy to drive." Of the big SUV's this is definitely the boss!
Love the redesign. I love the ride. Decided on Chevy versus the Sequoia and am glad I did. 
I am a longtime Suburban fan and agree with all the good stuff said in other reviews. However my Suburbans have always been business multi- use. Suburban cargo handling has always been great until now. With the 3rd row removed and the 2nd row upright, there are almost no flat surfaces, just bumps and dips. Floor distance only 7ft 6in. Door will not close on occassional plywood runs. Also not happy that I had to special order 2wd. No 2wd delivered north of Kentucky. Go to any lot in MI. All 4wd with sunroofs. Adds $3000. Ordered Suburban Sept 28. Built in Mexico(argh) Nov 15. Delivered Dec 12. That's 75 days. That's ridiculous.
Love our new Suburban! This is our first foray into the SUV market. Absolutely no regrets. Space, safety features, and every possible gadget is what sold us. LT3 with almost everything. Test drove an Eddie Bauer Expedition, but didn't live up to the Suburban as far as we were concerned. The miles per gallon are better than we expected, but don't think that means it has good mpg. It just makes you aware of having a "lead foot". 
I like the 2007 Suburban. It's the best SUV for pulling a big trailer, camper, or anything you might want to pull. The ride is nice and very smooth. You need to drive one to see what I mean. 
I have been driving luxury cars for years. Wife has a Land Rover, after having a 2001 Denali. This is a great vehicle, I have gone from a Mercedes and Ford Powerstroke to one vehicle, and it fits the bill.
I absolutely love my new Suburban. I can?t believe I waited so long to buy it. It handles towing the boat with no problem. I can?t wait to take it to Mammoth for a little fun in the snow.
Ride is great, but if you demand a smooth ride, don't go over 70mph. Steering feels like you need a good tire balance. They put new tires on after 500 miles and had to force balance just to get it within specs. I feel like I got a lemon. I hate sitting at long red lights. It feels like at idle that it's missing a plug wire. Junk.
This is my 3rd Suburban. My '01 was a quantum improvement over my '95. The '07 dropped the dual visors, and several small storage areas, no lock on console. Headliner, visors, and plastic trim finish looks cheaper to me. GPS has poor software and database. ie, 3-D view of map is only map display option and street level data is limited even in urban areas. Buy a Garmin C330. Get better performance and save big dollars. It takes forever for the screens to change on the display. On the positive side I have had no rattles or other problems since delivery. Would be great performance wise with a diesel. GM's design concept was on the right track, but too many compromises to save on build cost.
A big upgrade! The new body style has four main areas of significant improvement: Interior quality: New interior is night and day improvement. Appearance, design, fit and finish, and quality and touch of the materials are all vastly better. Quietness: While the previous vehicle was quiet, now it is absolutely silent while cruising. But when you ?step on it? hard, the V8 burble becomes audible and sounds great. Well done GM. Steering and handling: The new steering is noticeably more precise, ?tight? and controllable. No wallow or float. The new Suburban drives like it?s half its size and weight. Brakes: Firmer pedal feel, more confident and effective braking.
Decided to move up to a large SUV to accomodate our growing family and have been very pleased. We have an LT3 trim level vehicle with most of the options (sunroof, Nav radio, rear DVD, power liftgate, rear camera, heated seats) white with the tan interior. Rides and handles great on road, not much off road use yet. Front and 2nd row bench seats are reasonably comfortable. 3rd row is fair for adults, good for kids. Nav radio/ rear DVD system works well. Vehicle has some nice touches. For example, dome lamp override keeps the lights off to offload sleeping kids at night, the remote vehicle start during cold weather turns on the seat heaters. Exterior style nicer than it's Yukon XL cousin
My LTZ is the best riding car I have ever owned. It rides better than my 2000 Pathfinder and 2004 Murano. It handles like a car, or Murano, and really moves when you need it. I really like the gadgets. They keep me entertained and the kids. It is the first time I have been able to load 8 people, two families, in one car with all our stuff for a weekend outing. It made it so much more fun than two cars!
I have the LTZ model. The build quality of this SUV is amazing, dead quite inside, no rattles or squeaks. Interior materials are outstanding, too. Steering is precise and direct and the brakes bite. The overall driving experience is that of an expensive German sedan. The engine sounds great when you floor the pedal and power is impressive at higher RPMs. Lower in the power band, though, torque is not overwhelming. A six speed transmission (apparently in the works) will certainly help. I don't know where they get those fantasy fuel economy numbers from! So far, suburban driving has yielded 11 and a trip to Maine with a loaded car 17.5 miles/gallon. Overall not bad for such a big SUV, though!
This is the 4th Suburban that I've leased. Each one keeps getting better in terms of design, comfort, styling and performance. If it wasn't for teh Chevrolet emblem, you would think you were driving the Cadillac. I like the vehicle for its handling and performance. For a large vehicle, I find that it accelerates well for its size, and handles much like a sports car. The cargo space allows me to carry equipment for the various activities that I engage in, as well as having enough room and comfort for my passengers. Keep up the good work GM!!!!!
We really like our '07 Suburban. We had a 2004 but decided to purchase the '07 for two reasons. As the mother, I wanted to get it because of the side curtain airbags and the backing up sensors and camera. My husband wanted to buy it because it is "sweet." We haven't had it long, but did lots of research and don't think we will regret it. We have black exterior, black leather so I'm not sure if we have any mismatched colors like the other reviews. I really wish GM would put moms on their beta team for future models. 
Very few 2500 4WD 3/4 ton on west coast. Vehicle drives extremely well on wet pavement. Comfort is excellent, plenty of room in the back for food, kids etc. Compared with Tahoe, for the same price but with 3 extra feet of cargo space. XM satellite radio does not work on major roads where I live in Washington. Wish it came without wood grain finish, but only in LS models. Center console is a little confusing
Lots of little cabin noises. You feel every little bump in the road like a sports car. Front passengers sit like a compact thanks to the ever trendy (monster) center console, while the rear is like a school bus. 2nd bench seat is in an unconfortable,upright,fixed position (won't recline). 3rd seat is very difficult to acess. Every time you adjust the AC or turn the car off and on, the AC reycycle turns off. My '06 Silverado does the same thing. We live in Atlanta and use recycle because it cools much better and won't pull in cigarette and exhaust smoke in stop and go traffic. 
My 2007 LT is a great vehicle. Solid, quiet, very comfortable to drive, all sorts of great bells and whistles. Have made several multi-hour drives on both highway and local roads and haven't gotten the normal long trip fatigue. Mileage is improving with each long trip. Love the interior finishes in the charcoal color.
I have had a 2000, 2003 and now 2007 Suburban. It's like a Harley and motorcycles, everything else is not a Suburban. Regarding mileage, in Houston we have Ethenol for 1/2 the year which kills mileage to 12 or so. When I can get non-ethenol gas, it goes up to almost 19+ highway. 
We wanted this car forever. Heard they were changing the body style so we waited another year!! Glad we did. The truck handles great. The traction control really works. I was making a turn onto a wet just paved street and the truck started to spin. The traction control kicked in and set the truck straight! That is the best feature they could have added to a truck this size. The only complaint is I only get 12.5 miles to the gallon. How long does it take for the fuel management system to kick in? I only have 800 miles on it, maybe someone can let me know. Also, we have black leather and light tan looking headliner which looks weird. Other than that we love it, drives so smooth, and quiet!
Vast improvement over '06s. It was worth the wait. MPG is an issue but is close to EPA results (14/18) with 4WD. Overall this is a great vehicle to drive. Chevy has hit a home run, too bad gas is $3.25 now.
The design and layout is excellent. Interior is very comfortable and exterior is sharp. It handles and accelerates very well for such a large vehicle and I actually believe we will get the EPA rated 15mpg city once the engine breaks-in thanks to the Fuel Management System. The Suburban is well worth the price paid. My only complaint is that when the DVD ordered, you get a gray roof even though we have tan interior. The DVD the headliner, the switch panels - everything above is gray and the rest of the interior is tan. The mismatch is just a bit odd.
Smooth ride. Interior is a very big upgrade from the 2006 models. Gas mileage is terrible. Nav and sound system are great. I would recommend.
This vehicle drives and handles better than any other vehicle I have owned. The new smart motor is going to be a real fuel saving plus with the cost of gas on the rise. The interior of the vehicle is comperable to any vehicle on the market. The new rack & pinion steering makes this thing handle like a sports car. All in all I would say my family will be in love with this Suburban for a long time.
I must accept that at the beginning I was a little concern about the reliability of this truck due his history but I have to say after almost 3 years to own it that this is the best truck I've ever had.No complaints at all. Just visits to dealership for regular maintenance and for a 5.8 V8 engine 17 miles/gal. is not bad !!
Bought our Z71 Tahoe as soon as they went on sale. Still very pleased with the looks of the vehicle, but it seems like Chevrolet skimped on the interior quality, lots of hard plastics everywhere and cheap leather. However it has held up pretty well other than a jerking rear end upon take off and squeaky door panels. Current mileage is 61K, lets hope it continues to hold up. Had the Traverse been on sale when I purchased, I probably would have gotten that instead. 
Bought our first Chevy new LTZ Tahoe. Love the looks and ride of the vehicle. Have had problems with the rear end. It actually FELL OUT. Thank goodness it was still under warranty. still have problems with the rear jerking when stopping at a light or stop sign and when taking off. The rear end smells like it is burning after driving it for about 45 minutes. Resale value is about what we still owe on the Chevy. Gonna sell or trade it I think. Keep taking it to shop and they can't find anything else wrong with it since completely rebuilding the rear end. Oh, well. NO MORE CHEVY'S FOR US.
The first 36,000 miles of my first big american suv ownership were great. Now that I'm out of the warranty period, I can understand why people who haven't been down this path before get easily burned by some american auto products. However, I've now had the rotors turned at 38,000 miles and the other day I had to replace the entire power steering assembly ($900). I tried reasoning with the service manager that this was way too early to do for such a new car. I can't blame him for the problem, he didn't tell me to buy the car, he's just telling me how to fix it. Very frustrating. 
Bot it while I owned a restaurant and had 3 grandchildren near by. Now that we have closed the rest and live in the city, we look like aliens driving this will all of the hondas and bmws. Great highway car, very safe in the mountains and in the snow. Hard to park in a parking garage, which is what I have to do now.
My 2007 Tahoe is a joy to drive! It's extremely comfortable for both the driver and passengers. Lots of cargo space and the flexibility of adding the 3rd row seats. It's a big SUV -- not purchased for its fuel economy -- but I still beat the 16mpg rating even with most of my driving in town for less than 8 miles per trip. 
I've had my 2007 Chevy Tahoe LT3 about 2.5 years now. It's been holding up really well so far. It still looks good and the interior has 
I traded an 03 Z71 4X4 Tahoe for an 07 LT. It took me almost a year to find the exact options and colors that I was looking for. Already replaced the struts on rear hatch and instrument cluster - under warranty or it would have been traded. Local dealer has been wonderful. Interior is not going to hold up. The gas mileage is ridiculously overrated. I drive all hwy with 1 stop sign and easy driving and only average 17 on a good day - finally got 19 on interstate. Was mislead my Chevy reports. Awful resell value. This truck is awesome to look at and nice to drive but I can tell there is no way it will hold up like my last one. Die hard Chevy person, but probably not for long
I like the size of the interior, but ergonomically this vehicle is challenged. Keep hitting the 4 wheel drive knob with my knee getting out. No creature comforts such as change holder, sunglass storage, etc. It holds everything I can pack into it. Had the dead battery issue. Had battery changed at my expense because the dealer said it was good. No more battery issue. I have 70,000 miles and get 17 MPG. The way to do it is coast on every downhill stretch of road, even the short ones. Coast to every red light. Need tires now. Had uneven tire wear but got 70,000 via frequent rotation. So far no mechanical problems. The seals are poor and the ride is loud, as everyone else has said. 
Truck drives like a car. It gets 18-20 mpg on the hwy with ease. Drive in town and you can expect 15. All around truck rides and drives great. Gets the best MPG of all the big trucks and SUVs and looks the best. GM did a great job on the style of this truck. Hopefully the long term reliability is going to be there.
I've driven many luxury cars and trucks with greater names than the Tahoe but this truck ranks among them for comfort and design. It's a not so poor man's Escalade. 
I have to work hard to find faults with this vehicle. Many reviews complain about the mileage but even the EPA has revised the rating system to better reflect reality. The mileage is slightly better than any other vehicle in its class. The interior styling and comfort is vastly improved over previous models (I traded in a 2001 Tahoe). Acceleration is adequate and responsive. The transmission has a moderate shift shock when accelerating after applying the brakes. For those who plan to tow, be aware that the hitch reciever is considerably higher than most vehicles (I had to buy a new hitch with a lower drop. Overall, I am very pleased with the vehicle and would recommend it to anyone. 
I just returned from a 2000 mile trip in 6 days. It is a great suv
I love this Bermuda Blue Tahoe. I took it on a 400 mile road trip and it drove like a luxury car. On the return trip I averaged 20 mpg staying under 65 mph. I have no complaints and only praise for GM. This is a fantastic, well-designed, go anywhere vehicle. It's a pleasure to drive. 
The factory running boards are dangerous. I have had two people fall while getting out of my vehicle. They seem to become slippery and don't have a good amount of traction to them. This should be reported to GM and corrected. I also don't like the exterior door handles. My driver door handle seems to stick in the out position when closing or opening. I am a tall guy, and when I get in I often hit my knee on the dial that controls the lights on the left side below the steering wheel. This should be better placed.
A very robust design. Easy to do maintenance in. Besides their 100,000 mile warranty is a big plus. 
From the day I got my Tahoe the 1st month it had been in the shop 3 times for the dashboard popping up. The little things such as sometimes the window won't go down, doors won't unlock when I want them to other things like when airconditoning is on it makes a high pitched squeal, but yet it only does it once in a while and the won't fix it because its not happening at the time I bring it in. But the part that really stunk, 6 months after buying it it got stuck in FWD and I put it neutral to get it out but that wasn't working so I got stuck on the side of the road for over an hour till the dealership picked me up. When you buy a new car it should be reliable.
This has got to be the best vehicle I have ever bought. I usually drive German cars. It is a far cry from what they used to be. It is just amazing. Plenty of power to pull my boat and still getting 22 hwy and 20 with the boat. Thank you Chevy, I love you guys
The rear end makes a lot of noise. Make sure you don't get one that does. I have drove two that make niose so it is very popular problem. Test drive for a least two days to make sure you don't have lemon. 
I have the LTZ 4X4, overall a great truck. Looks are outstanding and the interior is very refined. Engine sounds nice. 
I bought this vehicle new from the lot. The window moldings kept popping off, a defect which was confirmed by the dealer. The front seat is too small for me, I am 5'10". It is made for "soccer moms". The pedals are too close to the seat, and the steering wheel is not telescopic. Adjustable pedals won't push them back. The plastic on the sideview mirrors was separating, and the battery died, twice. I did not leave any lights on. 
This is the first American vehicle that I've purchased. So far everything is working fine. I really liked the new body design and the vehicle is really comfortable. The vehicle drives smaller than it looks. I was amazed at how easy it is to park. Gas mileage is averaging at 15.5mpg around town. 
I love this Tahoe. I went from a Toyota Camry to this in April '06. I thought that the Tahoe would be a gas hog but I was wrong. I only use about $60-80 more a month ( due to a lot of city driving but the comfort and safety is worth it). My insurance was only $30 more a year and it rides so much smoother then the Camry. I would not trade it in for anything. I have two kids and they love it! So much room for them and their friends. We just got the LS and it has everything that we need for our family. I could not ask for more for the price. 
Excellent acceleration. Smooth ride. Extremely comfortable and better fuel economy than previous models. I got every option possible and they all work flawlessly. Fantastic vehicle.
The fit and finish of the '07 Tahoe is fantastic. The improved fuel efficiency is nice but not all that noticiable. This truck performs like a much smaller car. If we were to go back six months we would still have chosen to purchase the 2007 Tahoe.
Kudos to GM! I cannot be happier with this vehicle. I've avoided US auto makers over last 10 years, and only took a look at the Tahoe after we had our third child. The Tahoe is quiet. The fit and finish is unbelievable, and it rides like a luxury car. We took a 12 hour road trip and it was extremely comfortable. 
Had a 2000 YUKON and really hated to give it up, but I could not pass up the deal they made me and I am so happy with my 2007. The ride is softer, the room is bigger, and the mileage is better with the 5.3 DOD. Many more features than 2000.
My 2007 Tahoe was one of the 1st to be released and I have had multiple problems with DVD, rear view mirror, door molding, power locks, and folding seats. But main issue is with the poor reception of the FM & XM radio. I have had the Tahoe serviced 3 times for the radio and they cannot fix the problem, it may be the poor placement and engineering of the FM & XM antenna in the rear back glass. Radio fades in and out when passing by power lines, trees, building, drive-thru windows. Very irritating, especially when I paid more for the premium Bose system.
We recently purchased the Tahoe LTZ. I must say that we were drawn to the Tahoe by the new styling and estimated fuel economy. The Tahoe is a very comfortable and quite ride and the LTZ has all kinds of bells and whistles. I just hope that after the 3yr warranty is up that all the electronic bells and whistles don't start to malfunction. The fuel economy is a little misleading. Were getting 12- 13mpg around the city and 15-16mpg on the highway. Other than that, we are very pleased with our first Chevy purchase. 
This is the first SUV I've owned, but I do have a '01 Silverado truck and use an '05 Yukon company vehicle. I love this Tahoe. It has very comfy seats and rides like a cruiser not a truck. I love the new exterior design and the dash/interior is very appealing. I've had a little bit of trouble getting the inside temp to feel regulated (seem to feel a draft on my left leg while driving) but controls are still very new to me. I wish I had the auto fold side view mirrors, probably only because I'm still taking it to the car wash a lot! Not many vehicles I've ever been extremely excited about but, so far, so good on this one!
Loaded LTZ for MSRP of $53k for $46k What a steal for all of the options you get in this SUV! Interior is beautiful now that they added the wood look to the middle console, supurb stereo, comfortable large seats, gadgets galore, and everything you could want in a SUV especially for this price. 35 radio presets XM , AM/FM and you can scan on steering wheel without changing bands. I love that feature. Great navigation display
My most recent car was a Mercedes and my wife has a BMW. The drive quality is much better with the Tahoe. It is solid with zero rattles and a powerful engine. The interior is luxurious and passengers feel like they are sitting in first class aboard a 747. The Tahoe looks much better than the competition and truly stands out as most cars look the same these days 
My overall review of the car is favorable. However, the design of the dashboard is flawed. The instrument panel lighting is horrible. During daytime there is no light to view the instrument panel. You cannot read the panel easily. Also, I would think for the cost the remote access control would be a "learning" remote that remembers each respective seat setting. It goes back to neutral each time, so if you don't press your pre-set seating requirements each time, mirrors and seat have to be readjusted. Navigation system is not passenger-use friendly. You can't use it while moving, a feature that would be nice. I understand why the driver shouldn't use it while driving but what about the co-pilot?
After one month I am extremely pleased with the LTZ model. Power lift gate has been a pleasure when hands are full with stuff. 
Great handling, quiet interior. Navigation is a plus. The third row seat is pointless since it gives you almost zero storage behind them. Fuel economy is fair at 16mpg avg after 10,000 miles .Drives great on a long trip and feels just as at home on the beach. LTZ pkg is the way to go. Just do some homework before you buy! You can search local GM dealers inventory online and then request a price via internet. Right off the bat you'll save 10% off MSRP.This car is not your old Suburban. It's been completely redone!
I love this vehicle. I only wish I would have gotten the LT3 for the 12 way power seat and the power lift gate. But he LT2 is more then I expected. Mileage leaves a bit to be desired, but I noticed as it breaks in it is getting a bit better.
This is our first new vehicle and we are very impressed. Its nine seats are perfect for hauling everyone around.
First off, I traded in a Honda Pilot. It was my 11th Honda. I wanted a little bigger vehicle and looked at the Toyota, GMC Yukon Denali, and even the Escalade. I never even considered Chevy until I drove one. It rides great, and is very quiet, luxury car quiet. I'm impressed by the fit and finish, on par with the Japanese imports.
Loved this SUV until the rack & pinion drive gear started to leak oil at 2000 miles. Dealer fixed it. Then at 5000 miles, transmission leaked oil. My ride is still in the shop today. Very disappointed with GM. No wonder we cannot compete with foreign car makers. 
I love this car. You can hardly tell you hit a bump, and the gas mileage has been great. I drive 100 miles or more a day, and it has not been as bad as I thought it would be. Everything is designed with my family in mind. Well designed! 
After 32+ years of driving, this is the first new vehicle my wife or I have purchased. Our previous 1985 Chevy Suburban (7.4L) with over 316,000 miles, is getting tired, but still going. However, the opportunity fell in out lap for a great deal on an '07 Tahoe and one test drive is all it took to make our first ever new purchase. Although my strong ties to the Chevy brand, which I have been driving since 16 (OK, 15, but don't tell anyone), I think finding a better value is not possible. Comparing to other SUV's in it's class, there is no competition. Sure, one could pay a zillion dollars for a Mercedes SUV, but for the average Joe, or even the upper crust, the new '07 is hard to beat!
I love my Tahoe, especially now that we have added 22" rims and Billet Grille/Bowtie! We tinted the front windows and customized our plates, and it's wicked! The only thing I regret is not getting leather. We live in the Valley in CA and black leather would be too hot, but the new fabric interior is awful! Everything sticks to it. We have tried fabric softener sheets and sprays. We constantly get it cleaned, and are still using a lint roller to clean the fuzz that sticks to it. Only complaint.
Quiet ride, very smooth handling. Great on long trips. Gas mileage improved to 22 mpg on hwy and about 12-13 in the city. 
I traded a 2005 Toyota Sequoia on this 2007 Tahoe. My new Tahoe has it all over the Sequoia. Many more features plus lower price. As an added bonus, my warranty has now been extended to 5yrs and 100,000 miles better than Toyota's. Sticker on the 2005 Toyota was $49,735 more than $3000 over the Tahoe and with fewer features. I love the Tahoe, and so far no problems with 2783 miles and average 20.7 MPG
I love the 2007 Tahoe! The exterior is a head turner, got lots of compliment from people at the parking lots. The interior is much better than the previous Tahoes, refined and sophisticated. The brakes are excellent, plus it's a lot quieter inside than the old ones. I am so pleased with my new purchase.
You might have to give up gas economy, but the pleasure of driving is worth it. It's roomy, comfortable, and actually handles well for a big rig. The NAV system along with DVD is great. And the ease of push button fold up mid row seats is a great option. Wife feels safe driving it. 
My wife has always liked Tahoes and so talked me into getting this over the H3. I'm glad she did, this truck is great! I look for reasons to drive it. GM hit a home run with this truck. I love the new chiseled look. I get lots of looks in it too. I am a new GM fan. I recommend you get one. You won't regret it at all. The truck seems very refined and somthing you want to take a long trip in. I feel totally safe driving my kids in this truck.
This is our third Chevy Tahoe and this is by far the best! The new cylinder deactivation (V8 to V4 on hwy) gets great mileage, 20.5 on hwy. Better than the 18 our Honday Odyssey minivan gets! Just in for the first service at 5,500 miles and everything is perfect. Excellent vehicle! 
I am so pleased with the ride, style and comfort of my new 2007 Tahoe LTZ. What a great improvement. There is plenty of room If you're a "gadget" person, this is for you! Chevrolet really did an awesome job. 
I love it! It is a car that fullfills all of my needs. I can take my two lab pups, the kids and their friends and still go to dinner in style and comfort with my husband!
We traded in an '04 Tahoe, So far the gas mileage seems to be about 3 miles per gal better hwy/city combined. Have not taken it on a long trip, yet the engine switchs from 4 - 8 cylinders with no effort. The ride is like a car, handling and parking very easy to manuver. The radio with the fav pages makes it easy to switch to your favorite stations. Absolutely love the new Tahoe! GM did a great job!
We picked up our Tahoe just prior to a trip with the kids to the beach. We were able to put its practicality to use right away. The new styling is very fresh and we received a lot of looks as we were driving. The 4 cyl/8 cyl technology helped us get 19 miles per gallon even though much of our traveling was through the WV and VA mountains. We opted for the second row buckets and the rear entertainment system. The kids love it. Interior is very roomy with nice conveniences. Ride is great too. We have since had the opportunity to tow a boat and the Tahoe pulls very well. Only knock thus far is a pesky vibration where the headliner and interior trim meet the driver door.
I've owned my first Tahoe (07 LT) and the whole family loves it. I got the captain's chairs for the second row so kids can climb in and out (to the third row seat as well) real easy. The entertainment DVD system is a big hit with the kids - they don't want to get out of the car. The drive is especially nice and is one of the nicest SUV's I looked at. You get your bang for your buck with this car. Mileage is still breaking in and is running low (but I hear that is typical with any new car). I am going to try and run under 3500 rpm as a previous reader indicated. Only downfall is child safety windows for second row seat. They only go 1/2 way down. Once you drive it - you'll buy it.
We got this vehicle for our new born baby. This car has a load of safety features that I know would keep our family safe. This truck has some serious muscle. We live in San Francisco. Climbing uphills is no problem. Accelerates like a sports car. The gas is excellent! So far, we've had no problems with reliability. This car is worth every penny!
This is an excellent vehicle. I use it to tow a boat and it does so with ease! it even tows in 4-cylinder mode! My fuel economy is great, I get 24-25 highway and 17 city. (the trick is not to accelerate quickly and try to keep under 3500 rpm) Interior fit and finish is a huge step for GM, though nothing compared to BMW, but still is an interior worth buying. The exterior is beautiful and visibility is improved greatly. It doesen't feel as big as it is when driving. Overall, an excellent vehicle. Don't buy any oter SUV.
I've owned 2 other Tahoes, and by far, this is the best of the others. Great exterior design, NICE improvement on interior quality, Nice Bose system, and XM radio. The exterior finish is the best by far, of my other GM products. Ford, look out! This is Quality One! 
I purchased the 2WD LTZ approx 2 weeks ago. This is the first Tahoe I have ever owned. I frequently trade cars and have had several SUV's. In the past 6yrs I have had a Yukon, Yukon XL, and a Denali. This vehicle is light years ahead of any I have ever owned. It makes the inside of a Denali look like it came out of the 70's. The interior is roomy, seats are very comfortable. Handling is great for such a large vehicle, and the ride is very smooth. The fuel management feature of shutting down half the engine is an excellent idea. Cant even feel when it happens. I wish I could drive it more, but I can't seem to get my wife out of it. Won't be trading this one anytime soon, it's a keeper.
Mileage rating and drop back to 4 cylinder performance is a joke. My own SUV, which is the LTZ and is fully loaded, had a faulty climate control system and one speaker which didn't work from the start. The windshield has a scratch in the middle of it. The rear hatch had continuous squeaks in it which the dealer corrected. The dash still has a constant squeak in it which I don't know whether or not will ever be found. The polished aluminum wheels and their quality are a joke for the price that GM charges, considering a set of four high end chrome American Racing Rims would cost much less. The spare tire is a different brand than the four driving tires which is another waste of money. 
Overall thrilled by quality of the 2007 Tahoe. Leased LT1 w/dealer installed leather. Feels and drives great. Just took 500 mile ride back and forth to VT. Never so comfortable in a car. Quiet, smooth w/excellent sound system. Much more for the money than Volvo XC 70 we traded in. However, don't be fooled about gas mileage. Although almost 19 MPG on highway (cruise control at 65 mph through mtn's), appx 13 mpg around town. Can't think just MPG. Must think MPG per passenger.
Having had a couple Tahoes, this one by far is the best of them all. The looks, quality are far and above any SUV I've owned.
Wow! The 2007 Tahoe is one fantastic vehicle! I owned a 2003 that I traded in for the new model. Fit and finish of this one is superb, nicer interior, front end looks way better than the Yukon. Steering and braking is more responsive, interior is the quietest at freeway speed, better fuel economy and flex-fuel capable to boot! Side curtain aribags for all three rows of passengers, stabilitrak with roll-over avoidance, OnStar, and the best brakes in the segment make it one safe vehicle (5 Star frontal crash test rated, anticipated 5 star all around!). Flat towable and low maintanence! A host of options generally found only in European luxury sedans let you own the finest SUV out there today!
This vehicle is a pleasure to drive. It is so quiet and comfortable you'd think you were in your livingroom. The sound system is fantictic. Great Job G M.
This is one of several Tahoes I have owned, I have vibration in steering wheel and bumpy ride, came with Bridgestone tires, the dealer has replaced the tires and seems to have solved the problem. I like everything about the 2007 Tahoe, except I think better tires should come on the Tahoe. 
The hype about the engine dropping out 4 cylinders to conserve fuel clearly suggests to the buyer that the shift would occur when the car reached highyway crusing speed. In fact, it only reduces to 4 cylinders when one lets up on the accelerator. Therefore, in a 500 mile trip, the car gives you the last 50 yards(as you stop )in the 4 cylinder mode
This is the best vehicle i've ever owned. It's got a great ride and quiet interior, but still can tow and haul. The ext. and int. fit and finish is perfect. I have had "0" problems. One last thing, the styling is great. Everywhere I go friends and family want to check it out. 
Love this truck, but left me dissapointed today after a gas leak in the middle of a major street. Had my family inside and got out quick when a pedestrian said the car was leaking gas! Turned into major ordeal, fire truck came and waited to see if the truck got on fire or something. Just installed 22" rims on it yesterday and now I won't see my truck until Tuesday and see what the heck happened to it. I love the truck so much that I wish I can get a new one or fix it and make it safer. Thank God that we are alive, it could of been worse. I could of ignited or some smoker flicking their cigarette out the window. Have your truck inspected before you drive home with it.
This is my second large SUV, having traded a first-gen Ford Expedition for my Tahoe LT 4x4. Where the Tahoe trumps the Expedition is overall refinement, offering a smoother, more supple ride, better sound isolation, and incrementally better handling. The 1950's Chris-Craft bass exhaust burble is entertaining but never obtrusive, and hints at the burly, but refined nature of what's under the hood. The instrument panel and switchgear appears to be a lift from a late-model Audi, which is just fine by me. Negatives: Too heavy for its size, and a 26-gallon tank is just too small, particularly if you plan to tow with this vehicle. The Expedition had a 30- gallon tank, which was just right. 
This is the first vehicle both my wife and I have purchased in 10 years. First mistake was purchasing this Chevy. We had leased 7 new vehicles prior to this purchase. This way if we had a problem or just didn't like the vehicle we could turn it in a few years later. I have recently made my second payment on this vehicle and the car is dead. No one at Chevy knows why and no one can give us an answer. They have had this vehicle for 10 days now. The vehicle still will not start. All they can tell us is the engine has no power when turning the key. This is my wife's new vehicle and we have 3 small children. We depend on this vehicle which had left us stranded an hour and a half from home.
Great overall SUV. Exterior styling is sharp. Turns a lot of heads and I get a lot of comments. Interior redesign is where this SUV shines. The look and layout is nicer than my Lexus, though the dash materials aren't quite as soft. The handling, power, ride, and just overall driving experience is second to none for an SUV. I like the front end better than the Yukon, otherwise pretty much exactly the same SUV. Also, why pay $20K more for an Escalade when it's also basically the same SUV. I looked at Toyota Sequoia, Ford Expedition & Navigator, Lexus GX, and Toyota 4Runner, and the Nissan Armada when looking. The Tahoe just simply is better in so many ways. Great job GM!
I have owned the 2007 Tahoe for a month now. The looks of the Tahoe sold me, plus the idea of another child. I love driving the SUV. It is smooth, powerful, and drives nicely; not like a truck. Does anyone else get the Wind whistle noise around the driver side mirrors at highway speeds. It's annoying!
I really like my 2007 Tahoe but it has some problems. I cannot get it to stop the engine light from coming on when I use e-85. Also the traction light keeps coming on and they cannot find out what to do with these problems,they are working on it but I have lose 7 days driving time already.
I did about 2 months worth of research to find the right car and I ended up picking the '07 Tahoe before I even test drove anything else. The thing I love the most that I didn't see in any review before I bought it was the super tight turning circle that this behemoth has. I was blown away. This thing turns like a sports coupe. Not sure how they did it but I am super impressed. Also, riding in this thing is like riding on my recliner at home, it's super-comfortable!! I love all the neat techno gadgets in this car and I love being so high up on the road. This car was not cheap, I got a great deal because of all the research I did and the fact that I had a "walk away" attitude. Cheers!!
The last 6 vehicles we have purchased has been new, and almost all of them have had close to acurate gas mileage claims when purchased, however the 2007 Tahoe that we have is no where close. With an advertised 21mpg, we are experiencing 13.5mpg highway after 4000 miles. Our dealer is side steping every question we have and trying to stall us, telling us we will not see the 20mpg range until the vehicle has 15000+ miles on it. We purchased the Tahoe because we were only getting 12.5mpg in our Hummer H2, and wanted a better gas mileage vehicle. We feel that we have been mislead.
I have owned the 2007 Tahoe for a couple of weeks now and am amazed at the performance this vehicle has. I drive long distances and this has the features and design that let you actually enjoy driving again. Don't buy this SUV, I want to be the only one driving this beautiful machine!
I traded in a Trailblazer for the new Tahoe. The truck drives better than the Expedition, Armada, and Sequioa that I drove. The interior is just as comfortable as every other Chevrolet, but it looks much better. On the highway, the ride is quiet and comfortable. Off road performance is great with the locking back end and autotrac, but be sure to remove the front air-dam before going on extreme outings. If you have a boat, then the G80 differential option is a must. I got $2500 off the sticker price. I am getting 19mpg mixed with the 5.3L- not bad considering the size and towing capacity. Gas mileage is better than most mid-sized SUVs and all full sizers
Still new but I love this truck. Looks great, runs great, performs great. Only complaint I have so far is the height of the hitch receiver.
Still new but I love this truck. Looks great, runs great, performs great. Only complaint I have so far is the height of the hitch receiver.
Took my '03 in for an oil change and drove home with the '07. Took it for a test drive and was very impressed. Love the new interior look over the old standard truck look. Ride is so much better than the '03 and the braking is a huge improvement. I like the front row seating now that the console folds up. Great truck if looking for an SUV
We bought this vehicle with the belief that it would be a solid vehicle that would meet the rigors of driving in the Colorado high country. It has far surpassed our expectations -- in comfort, in gas mileage (18.5 MPH during mountain driving), and in compelling add-ons. The only negative is the non-flat 3rd seat area.
I traded my '04 Suburban LT 4x4 last week for the LTZ 4x4 and there is NO COMPARISON. GM got it right...the Tahoe is awesome. My first tank of gas (in stop and go traffic in Dallas) netted 17.3 mpg...what a pleasure vs. the 13 mpg on the Suburban. Like everyone else, my only knock is the rear cargo area. The permanent tracks for the 3rd row seats are a bit annoying when the seats are removed, but there are MANY more features that overshadow this minor issue. Great SUV!! Rides like a luxury car!!
 The Tahoe is my second large SUV purchase. The other being a Navigator. There is little comparison between the two. The Tahoe is much more refined, with much better fit and finish. Fuel mileage has just been a bonus that makes me enjoy this purchase that much more. We really enjoy the style, comfort, handling,and overall appeal the new Tahoe has. It makes me belive that GM is really getting it right! We did upgrade to the LTZ model, the 20" rims are nice!
Only having this vehicle for one week I have to say this is a really nice truck. The looks, interior and exterior, ride and comfort is first rate. GM really put some effort in knowing and understanding what the customer want.
I owned a 1999 Tahoe and traded it in for the 2007. Although the new Tahoe is lightyears ahead of the 99, there are a few things that I would say are not quite as nice. The first thing are the engine gauges. In the 2007 they are alot smaller and harder to see. The gear shifter is very close to the stering wheel and I hit the wheel when I shift it. They radio will not play cassette tapes. However, the air conditioner in the '07 works alot better and you can aim the air where you want it. The Bose sound system sounds very good but doesn't seem to be as loud as the old radio. My truck came with Brigstone tires. I love the DIC. Sounds great when you get on it. I don't mind about the 3rd row seat.
This vehicle is fun to drive, smooth, and has a few ponies behind that gas pedal. Compared to my 2000 Tahoe z71 and '05 Avalanche z71, my 2007 Tahoe LT 3lt is just great. Took it for a 3 hour ride with 4 kids this weekend, going up and down those hill on Mass pike I got 19.4 miles to the gallon. I mean, how can you beat that in an SUV. I love it. I think it handles really great, acceleration, cornering, going fast around sharp bends, and yeah braking. And all in all, this is coming from a GM Tech, I'm really amazed with this vehicle and it's quality. What a great comback for GM. Go ahead, test drive one, you won't leave the dealership without one.
The Chevrolet Tahoe is a great car to drive. I have the LTZ with evrything in it so it is a very fun truck to drive. Not only is it nice on the outside but the inside is also very nice. It is a very smart truck and the navigation and evrything else is reliable in getting you where you need to be
Man, all I've got to say about this truck is that its the best bang for your buck. I gave up a tricked out '03 BMW 330 to hop in this big body truck. The things you can do to it are endless. There is so much room inside. There's room for all the screens you want to put in it, and if you build a custom box for your subs and still keep the 3rd row. Plenty of ride height, 22's 24's 26's whatever you want. I would never go back to small cars again. If anything I'll upgrade in 2 years and knock off the new Escalade, cause it's just sick. If you're thinking about getting the new '07 Tahoe, all I've got to say is go for it.
A very nice vehicle in deed. Sorry Ford, but twice the vehicle my Expedition was. Feels very tight throughout. excellent road feel. Interior is very sophisticated, with lots of 'tech' goodies.(I know, more to break later on.)Has a lot of very nice features like auto folding mirrors, and memory seating for more than one operator I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this as an SUV choice. On the other hand, I sure havent seen the "22 and more" mpg that the dealer harped on. Maybe someday...but not now for sure.
At first I thought that America could not build a quality not notch vehicle. Until I walked into a Chevy dealership with my friend. For years the magazines and newspapers rave about Toyota, Honda, Nissian and I fell for it. I admit it now, that I let others influence my choice of cars for the last 15 years. I opened my eyes and found that GM is by far making the best cars and trucks out on the market today. I went back to Toyota and Nissan to compare there fullsize trucks to the Chevy. Back and forth, for weeks. It was clear that I made the best decision. I let my friends borrow my truck for a couple of days and there was nothing negitive that they had to say. 
The 2007 Tahoe LTZ is a surprise to just about everyone on the planet. GMC actually got a redesign right! I have yet to find a problem or a reason to complain about anything. From experts the only downside they mention are in reference to the third row seats. Some actually say they are heavy or difficult or cumbersome to remove for added cargo space. This is far from correct. You place your hand on the handle and they roll, Yes roll right out. The rear view camera also must be mentioned.( It's perfect!) I my self can't believe it but this vehicle IS a 10!
I absolutely love this SUV. It is a comfortable as any I test drove. The only real draw back is the fact that the third row seat does not fold back, but that is not a huge problem for me. Other than that, this is an extremely fun SUV to drive, and is great in the city for such a big vehicle.
 After owning 3 Expeditions and a loyal Ford owner finally decided to go GM. I sure wish I had ditched the Fords earlier. This vehicle's build quality is far superior and fit and finish is excellent. The ride is more car like than SUV and handling is much better than the Ford. I am also glad not to have the rattles and shakes that the Ford had after just a few thousand miles. The only complaint is the third row seat does not fold flat, but a small price to pay for a far superior vehicle. Good job Chevrolet! 
I looked at the Yukon, H2 and H3 in hopes of finding a nice clean design with a comfortable interior. I landed on the Tahoe and was sold. This is the nicest Chevy I have ever owned, and I have owned 9 since I was in high school. It drives smooth and quietly, and is loaded with every feature a person could possibly want. Love the remote start on those cold mornings, and my ipod attaches with a simple $5 plug from Radio Shack. The leather is similar to what my freinds have in their Mercedes and Lexus vehicles, and the woodgrain follows suit. All around this is a much better deal than any of the other vehicles I considered, and I hope it is as reliable as the 2004 Z71 I traded in to get it.
The Tahoe is fun to drive and with the Emerald Blue paint and 20" wheels is a real head turner! Sound system is great and the vehicle is tight with wind noise being minimal. The only problem so far has been a vibration/noise in the dash caused by engine harmonics when accelerating under a load such as hauling a trailer or pulling away from a stop light
I like everything except the rattle in the headliner. Looks, smooth ride, and comfort are all a plus. Fuel is 17 mpg average.
We recently traded in our Ford Expedition for our new Tahoe with the LTZ package and never looked back. This truck is miles ahead of the large SUV competition. The ride, performance and interior design is unbelievable. We made 16.3 miles a gallon on our last tank of gas. Not bad for a 5500 lb. truck. You owe it too yourself to take a look at the new Tahoe, it may change your perception of the American auto. 
I fell in love with the new Tahoe on my test drive and had to have it. Paid a little extra for the LTZ model and it's absolutely worth it. Traded in my 03 Suburban (similar to the 03 Tahoe) and instantly felt the difference in the handling and styling of this awesome head turner!
 This is a great suv - I did not know about 2007 models until I went to the showroom and saw one. I got all the stuff except the DVD player. The ride is great, the front suspension change makes this feel like a sedan. My wife know has taken control and I no longer can use this car. GM did a great job - we traded in our great 2004 Tahoe - what a diffrence. The only con is the nav/radio/rearview/control system is a major distraction - its hard to drive without looking at it and therefore taking my eyes off the road.
Took a trip to Nashville the week after we got our LTZ and enjoyed every minute of it. The ride, comfort and performance was superior. Weather conditions turned bad unexpectedly with a snow and ice storm, we just slowed down and reached our destination safely and without a lot of stress. Boy, did we get a lot of attention at Operyland- the Tahoe that is!!!
Very solid car. Looked at the Sequoia also but was very impressed with the Tahoe. The handling is excellent and the LTZ model has all the options you could every want. Gas mileage has been pretty good so far especially on the highway where it cuts to four cylinders.
I have always wanted the Tahoe and I am glad I waited. The new 2007 body and interior are superior to previois models. Though I bought the LS, it is still btter than the 05 Equinox LT I traded in. 
The '07 Tahoe LTZ has the added feature of riding better than the Escalade of old and as good as the current model.There are 2 drawbacks , one is that nav pkg w/MP3 player , cd , am/fm radio does not have allow for multiple cd cartridge. Not a big deal but curious for such a great vehicle. We got ours on 3/1/06 and it is a gem.The second is that they did nothing to improve the gas mileage....still lots of good stuff. 
We've only had it for a few days now, but love it. Average MPG is @ 15-16 city and @ 21 Highway with no wind (@18 or so with windy conditions) at 65 miles per hour. While the DVD option is nice, we are waiting for a nicer day to take ours in to get the DVD player fixed -- it won't eject the DVD's, and the remote doesn't work. Waiting for a nicer day, so the dash doesn't get cracked when they fix it. Very comfortable and lots of nice features. Love the seat warmers, the auto remote start, lots of room. Not a lot of hidden storage, though; we thought there could be some hidden storage under the back cargo area for misc. items. 
I just purchased the Tahoe and find it to be an excellent purchase. The ride performance and comforts provide an enjoyable experience. 
Like the look of the new Tahoe inside & out better than my '02, but I am not without issues. New vehicle has displacement on demand,but seems like it should have been geared to allow a 60 mph cruise in the 4 cyl. mode. So far fuel economy on new vehicle is worse than my '02. Will have to see how it does when taken on a trip. Rear visibility is not good (headrests on rear seats don't help.
I had been hesistant to go back to GM after having some problems with their vehicles in the past. However, the new Tahoe looks and drives great. Quality seems top notch and fit and finish are finally what they should be. I love all the features including the input jack to plug an iPod into. I have got a lot of positive comments and looks. If GM can do what they did to this car to the rest of their line-up, they will survive nicely.
This is my third Tahoe & this is the best of all, from top to bottom. good gas mileage, engine shifts from 4cyl to 8 cyl very smoothly. I had a 2004 Lexus LX470, & I like the Tahoe a lot better.
Gorgeous vehicle thats fun to drive. Solid,smooth ride. Easy in and out with power tailgate, and power fold middle bucket seats. 
This vehicle is a pure joy to drive. Excellent handling for a vehicle this size. The interior is not just leaps- and-bounds above the outgoing model, but is wonderful compared to its competition. I purchased the LT3 package with the sunroof and I do not regret anything yet (hopefully that will not change). Chevy interiors always had ease of use, but now there is some style as well. The exterior is sharp, crisp and put together with very little seam separation, a definate plus over last years model. Looks are subjective, but I don't think there is a better looking full size SUV on the market today. 
We call ours the Black Beauty! Beautiful on the outside, even better on the inside. XM radio is addicting. Love all the features and very kid friendly. You don't feel like you have to "climb up" like in most SUV's. The redesign is going to help GM sell this like hotcakes! Dealers are having a hard time keeping them on the lots. Classier than an Expedition and cheaper than those foreign makes. If you are shopping, YOU MUST TRY THIS CAR OUT! You will feel like a Queen/King. 
Love the car with its new look, great array of options and excellent handling. Wish they would not of put plastic seat guard tracks for the third row seats. It leaves a very uneven cargo floor space and doesn't look clean when the seats are stored in the up mode.
 I'm sorry I listened to my wife and bought this over the Sequoia (what I wanted). Driving on highway after 38 miles and car died suddenly and for no reason. Towed in and replaced a wiring harness which was improperly installed. Now at 155 miles the gas gauge starts wildly going back and forth. Took it back in. Does look decent on inside (I'll give them that) and is stylish outside. But two trips to the shop in first 155 miles is indicative of faulty build quality. I will not own this vehicle any longer than I have to and will think long and hard before buying another GM product. If I had to spend the money over again, I'd get a Sequoia. 
Just bought an 07 LT3, put LTZ 20's with new shoes on and this thing rocks. Needed a bigger truck for work, fits the bill perfectly and more. Don't ever buy one of these new and refresh every few years. There are plenty out there with low miles and if you can afford to pay the gas and maintain (not one tire at a time), you will not go wrong. 
I have been yearning for a Tahoe for years, but could not really afford the price until recently. Traded an '02 Explorer that was a constant headache and a failing transmission and could not be more happy. I love the way this thing drives and handles. Smooth as butter compared to my Explorer. I have 4 children and more than enough room to carry my squad around. In love with the looks of this vehicle, definitely my kind of ride. Have heard a lot of complaints about not enough room in the third row, but for my kids ages 4-9, its sits perfect. 
Other than my disgust with GM's fabricated guesstimate of gas mileage - says the Tahoe should get 21 mpg..what a joke. I like the ride and the look of this truck/car. My '04 Tahoe got much better mileage, but upgraded to an LT and like the interior/dash/leather seats. 3rd row seats are useless. Probably won't go with GM again - too bad for the blue collars.
This was my fourth Tahoe. Purchased the Z71 and liked the body style but wish I would have kept my 2002. Cheap interior finishes, lots of road noise due to cheaper door seals. Just run it thru a car wash and open the rear hatch to see how well the seals work. Also have replaced the shocks on the rear hatch and it still doesn't open all the way. Gas mileage isn't what GM cracked it up to be. Terrible resale value! Are you kidding me it isn't worth 1/2 of purchase price after less than two years. GM could have done much better with design and quality on this one. I'm afraid this may be my last domestic vehicle. 
I purchased this vehicle because of the room offered. Gas mileage is a big disappointment (13.4 avg) even driving "normally". I had the battery drain issue when I first purchased, but this was fixed immediately with a software upgrade. Dash area looks a little cheap with the plastic overdose. Great on an 1800 mile trip. Tire rotation is cost prohibitive at the dealer. Cheaper to buy new tires as needed! Agree with the need for fold flat 3rd row seats. These are bulky to remove. Resale price (nowadays) is a nightmare. Would recommend.
Electrical headache. Been towed to dealership 4 times since purchase. Told all 4 times it was a bad battery. Now for the 5th time, it's dead in driveway 30min after I turned it off, guess it'll be battery again. Driver mirror doesn't work, lumbar in seat doesn't move, and seat somehow starts to heat up even though the button is off. Also, contrary to what the dealership tells me, the dash lights will randomly go off at night and start to flicker. Apparently none of this can be duplicated so GM says it isn't happening...ghosts I guess.
I've had my Tahoe for almost a year now (14,000 miles), and I still love it. No problems whatsoever except for a minor squeak that the dealer found and fixed right away. Overall average MPG since first oil change is 16.3, and I regularly get 20-21 mpg on freeway-only trips. Not too shabby for something this big and powerful. Love the styling, and love the interior fit and finish.
After having a Toyota for 3 years, I decided to give GM a shot with their sharp new Tahoe. With the 20's, leather and DVD ent. system, she's a head turner. It's very quiet and extremely comfortable. The handling is suprisingly responsive. The drawback for me is the reliability and trips to the service department. Inadvertant rattles being common, I've had issues with the tranny, the steering geer as well as a recurring problem with the recirculation AC not working; thus me getting a fresh dose of deisel fumes in morning rush hour. I like the vehicle, but will probably trade it for a foreign truck before the warranty expires. Such a shame!
Very comfortable and excellent performance. Fuel mileage is better than expected at +/-15MPG (US). Ample power for towing a 5000lb trailer and have yet to have any issues with transmission.
Purchased my LTZ and have had nothing but problems with brakes and engine lights. Even the rear tail lights fell out the day I bought it. Have dealt with Chevy and dealer for Lemon Law support--of course, got nothing but arguments. Lots of repairs going on, not much fixed after trips. I stopped counting after I couldn't count the trips to service shop on my two hands. What actually happened with brakes: ended up finding out squeak pad was installed on the wrong side of brake pad. Oops! Engine light that was coming on constantly-- intake manifold was not bolted on correctly---after 8 trips to the dealer, they made this amazing find. My truck must have been built on a Friday at 4. 
We have owned or 2007 for a week now. So far I totally love it. GM's attempt for the foreign dash and knobs, or lack of knobs, has been done very nicely. The performance is good. I am very interested on how the DOD helps on our long lake trips. I've seen 20- 24 mpg in V4 mode running around 55. Exterior is quickly growing on me. I am a big fan of Nissan's Armada so that helps.
Granted we have only had the car for a little over a week, but we love it so far and have no complaints. The touchscreen Nav is great, the interior is beautiful, the exterior (we got black) stands out and adding aftermarket 22's helped things out a lot because the stock tires leave a lot to be desired! So far no creaks, rattles or issues. Even with the DOD engine average around town mpg hovers around 13. Rides very quiet and smooth, even on the 22's. Exterior wind noise is minimal and while the car is big it doesn't drive big. 
LTZ looks and drives great. Have driven Tahoes for years and the difference in styling and ride is immediately apparent. Twenty inch wheels look great. 3.9% for 36 and 4.9% for 48 Months is available from GMAC. Has a 3" wider stance which definitely adds to looks and stability. Check it out if you are lucky enough to find one on the lot. 
I've been waiting for this one for awhile, and I'm not disappointed! A tremendous package of features (I have an LT3 with a few extras). GM has finally gotten the message on the interior...matches up to any euro luxury model out there. Big improvement in steering (radius inside 35 feet, very responsive on the highway).
Incredible, that explains it! The vehicle is by far the best SUV GM has ever come out with. The Tahoe drives nice, comfortable, and stylish!
I never thought a vehicle could be so comfortable. I live on a dirt road and I can't even feel any of the bumps. I feel like I'm gliding . I feel assured that myself and my children are safe in my Tahoe. Chevrolet has out did any other company in my opinion.
I just bought my new Tahoe, and it is amazing. All the cool features make it a classic Chevy SUV. It has a very desirable, agressive looking new style that turns heads everywhere. This truck is so much fun to drive too. It's my favorite Tahoe Chevy has made yet!
3rd row seats are useless unless you are a midget or child. Room is really compromised since they only fold up, and although removal is easy, putting them back in is a chore. They are quite heavy, and is you are not careful, you can scratch the plastic items in the back.
The best thing about this vehicle is when you are finished accelerating it shifts from a V-8 to a 4 cylinder without you knowing it except at the gas pump. I'm getting 24 mpg on the highway. It looks like an Escalade. The only thing that I dislike is the way the exhaust pipe looks. Other than that, I love my Tahoe. 
GMC has redeemed themselves with this outstanding truck! It drives like a dream while maintaining its toughness and style. I love the interior display. Very high quality materials. Buttons are easy to reach. It looks more like a German interior design. The leather seats are very confortable. The ergonomics are very user friendly. If you want to complain about the gas, maybe you're buying a car you can't afford. I've had the truck for two weeks now and heads turn left and right when I drive this beauty. Some people think is an Escalate or a Range Rover, people just love how good it looks. 
This is a great driving vehicle. The performance is excellent and all of the controls are well laid out
We purchased our 07 Tahoe in 06. It has been a joy to drive. I don't hurt when I get out of it ! Handles wonderfully in bad weather and pulls a load like no full sized truck we've had before ! We have had a few glitches tho we had a problem with the battery going bad after a few months. Bought a new one problem solved! Power lift gate off track still not fixed. The real problem is the transmission went out at 105,000. All our miles are highway miles. This should not have happened, it just went out ! We called OnStar for a diagnositics, couldn't find a problem! We knew there was one tho! So any way we got online and there are pages and pages of transmission problems. So check it out before you buy 
At 45K miles, the vehicle is in the shop for its second transmission rebuild (first occurred at 29K). Dealer initially told me that a loaner would not be available, but after a call to the service manager, they provided me with a Cobalt. The vehicle does not make good use of its interior space. 3rd row seats offer no room for passengers or storage behind. Overall, I couldn't be more dissatisfied with this purchase.
Can not believe I finally own one! Completly a dream ride, most forgiving. The best part is waking up in the morning, and seeing that Chevy LTZ Tahoe in the driveway!
I love my Tahoe - it rides very smoothly. I have not taken a road trip as of yet, but I can hardly wait. The only downside is the gas mileage and gas being so expensive. My experience thus far has been great.
Wish I had never purchased the 2007 Tahoe. The battery continually dies and the source has yet to be found. It has been to the dealership 5 times with no resolution. While many of the features are great, they are over shadowed by the frustration of finding that the car won't start and having to charge the battery at least twice a week. The nicest thing I can say about the Tahoe is that it looks pretty sitting in the driveway. Very expensive yard art! This will be my last GM purchase.
I purchased my 1st Tahoe almost a year ago, and I must say that I love my car. I love the way it rides, the comfort is amazing. Anytime that I have to travel I offer to drive, becuase it is fun to ride, and I feel very safe while driving it.
The brand new Tahoe is not what I expected. I took my first trip in my Tahoe to Reno where I experienced the throttle sticking whenever I would press all the way down on the gas. I actually had to use my foot to push the pedal back up. Thats not safe at all. The interior cloth seats collects so much Lent. Now I'm looking into replacing with leather which is costly. Another complaint is the plastic lighter covers are so cheap that two of mine have already fell off. I think for how much the Tahoe costs they have should of been built better. The older tahoes look a lot better than the 2007-2008. I take the blame. I should of did my homework before getting locked into a car that I'm not happy with.
I love my Tahoe LTZ. I bought it used with very little mileage, and it's the best car I ever had. It's a very smooth ride and turns really well. It's great for road trips. The only true downside is gas prices. I'm extremely happy with it!
This is my 2nd Tahoe, my first being an '01. After 2,000 miles had to have the tires replaced, and since then have had it to the dealership for wheels, suspension, or something along those lines 4 times, and still can't find what is causing the problem. I am very disappointed with this vehicle! My other Tahoe was 6 years old when we sold it and the biggest problem with it was a washer fluid motor. This Tahoe seems to be a cheaper build, with the window seals, interior, etc. Bring back the old craftmanship with the new concepts!
I have 31000 hard driven miles and this truck loves to run wide open. I have taken many long road trips 18 hrs non stop felt great when arrived. Helps to add cold air intake & dual exhaust
This is my first American vehicle in 11years. Before I owned a Toyota 4 runner and recently a 2005 Toyota Tacoma TRD. I am really impressed and love the way this truck looks, drives and feels everytime I get in. There have been a few issues that have been fixed quickly such as rear window trim and the trim on the roof. The rest of the truck is exceptional and I love it I .This was a big leap of faith as I am used to Toyotas -this truck has proven to be great so far. Mpg is not
Excellent acceleration. Smooth ride. Extremely comfortable and better fuel economy than previous models. I got every option possible and they all work flawlessly. Fantastic vehicle. 
I love amercian cars but not ford so i bought a chevy LTZ for cheaper than a middle of the line durango i used to think that was a good deal 
Buy this vehicle if you are into wasting your time, riding in tow trucks with nice drivers, making calls to OnStar, and not sleeping much. I have been towed 3 times in 10 days for 2 different problems. 13k miles, 7 months old. Two times I was more than an hour and a half away from home. Used to love it, now looking at the 2008 Sequoia. I went with Tahoe vs. Land Rover for reliability. Non-stop electrical and mechanical issues. If you buy one, make sure you line up rides from friends and family before it strands you. 
I like the way it looks, but would much prefer my '02 Tahoe. My Z-71 has been factory modified to allow the gas cap to open fully! The door and window seals are way cheaper; lots of wind/road noise compared to older models. This is my fourth Tahoe and not as fun to drive. Give me a break on the third row seats that don't fold flat. The rear hatch openers won't fully open even after being replaced. Another design flaw is the hatch will easily get caught on any ice build up on the bumper. I hear everyone compliment the interior build quality but I don't see any improvement in fact I feel it is cheaper. I'm concerned that my new Tahoe won't stand the test of time.
This is my 4th Tahoe & I loved all of them until this one. I liked the look of the car, 2nd row captains chairs, the DVD player. Then after I started driving it I noticed a loud noise from the driver's window, sounds like the window is open. What kind of carpet did they use where you can hardly vacuum dog hair off of it? Last winter my rear hatch would not open automatically in cold temps. Found my battery dead twice, took the car into the dealer, was told there is computer problem with this car. Hopefully that is fixed. My coolant level is always low, but dealer says there is no problem. Had door molding fixed, but it keeps separating. Now my wipers dont properly work. My last Tahoe?
This is a fun driving family car. Great improvement over previous model. I have owned a Tahoe since 2000 and this is the best riding Tahoe that Chevy has made. It is very roomy and dependable have not had a mechanical problem up to date. Once the diplacement kicks in and goes into V4 mode it feels the same. When I need to drive fast it will automatically go into V8.
We recently purchased our 2nd Tahoe Z-71. We do like the way GM replaced stereo system and control knobs with those that will not peel, the remote access options for rear and front, the new way we can adjust the roof rack (easier now), the ease of putting the rear seats down, the new styling, and the navigation/DVD/stereo sytem. 
Everyday I become more impressed with the Tahoe. From extreme user friendly dashboard design and fascinating appearance I am more than satisfied I choose the Tahoe. Bose sound system is perfect and certainly will not make you even consider upgrading the sound quality. Power is very impressive for this 5600 lb beast. Gas mileage is 15.3 a tank. I did however get 18.5 on the highway when I went on a road trip. Overall gas mileage is fair at best considering you would assume if 15 is the lowest rating and 21 is the highest you would average in the middle. That is not true at all. She guzzles gas! Ride quality great and handling impressive when Tahoe is equipped with 20" wheels.
I had a review posted on 6/15/07. I had the truck for 2 weeks or so at that point with no issues. I've been to the dealer twice since then to have them tighten up stupid and random squeaks, rattles and other noises. I understand that a vehicle will eventually loosen up, but I've had this car for less than 9,000 miles and it's been doing this since about 2,000. I'm very disappointed in the build quality, and I've received several comments from friends to notice the weird noises. It does not speak well for Chevy. Other than that, the vehicle has been very versatile. My wife and I have taken it on several trips, and the mileage has been better than expected (21 on the road, 16 in town).
I use my Tahoe to pull my 5,000 lb. race rig, with a Porsche on it. This vehicle is comfortable, reliable and well thought out for towing and general driving. Whether driving up hill in the mountains of PA on the floor at 4500 RPM, or crusing down the interstates of Florida at 80...this is one great vehicle. This "new version" of the Tahoe/Suburban line is so much better than my 2006 Z-71 Tahoe...and I love it. This opinion is written by a "car guy"...I race Porsches and own a company fleet of 20+ vehicles...I know about reliability and build quality... GM has done it
I have owned 15 Tahoes, Yukons and Suburbans and they have been very reliable until the 2007 model year. My Tahoe has been in the shop 23 day in the first 5000 miles and still has problems. We took it on vacation a month after our purchase and it would not go in reverse. The dealer had to make some substantial repairs to the transmission. 
I recently bought the 07 LTZ. This Tahoe rides very smooth compared to my Trailblazer. The interior is elegant and very comfortable. Go with the leather when buying this definately worth the additional costs. Also, the 2nd row bucket seats are great for the kids, they are far enough apart to not fight and bug each other. The flex fuel is a joke. Hey Chevy this is a SUV let's get off of the catering to the enviormentalist bandwagon. The horsepower and mileage takes a huge dive with flex fuel.
When I purchased my Tahoe on year ago, I didn't really expect to encounter the problems that I have run into. I have had my tahoe in the shop severaltimes in the past year for things that should have not failed. First, the main module in my computer system failed while I was driving, tires went bald at 14,000 miles. The dealership then had my car for almost two weeks trying to repair. I have had severaly issues with the computer system since that first time and it is actually in the shop as I speak for problems with the transmission, computer failure, lock/unlock buttons not working, back door pad not working, and Rear seat dvd system not functioning properly. Will be the last Tahoe for me
The ride is good, but I can't get used to the new seats! I keep sliding out and have to brace myself to keep from being propelled forward when stopping. I find it especially bad in the front passenger seat. The seats are shorter from hip to knee than my '01 Tahoe. I keep adjusting the seat and can't get it to be comfortable. I'm 5'6". I feel somewhat like I'm too high up, esp. in the 2nd row, and might wobble off the seat! Needs more storage cubbies. I really have to bend my foot back from accelerator to brake, and I have the adjustable pedals.
Wow, what to say. We love our new Tahoe 3LT. It has treated us right and we have never abused it and keep it clean and perfect. It's so comfy and great to drive. I love the new styling. However, we do have problems and its all stupid little things! Okay, here we go! 3rd row needs to fold flat, come on Chevy, everyone else is doing it. We have had problems with the remote start. It starts and then shuts off after 30 sec. The rubber gasket around the sunroof has started to fold and come off for some stupid reason and now rain and snow can come in. The gasket around the rear hatch has folded as well. The trim/molding is starting to come off. Noises from the AC, and blows fast, then slow. It's jacked up these problems keep happening. Our Tahoe has been nothing but cared for. No abuse and barely driven. Shoot, we have only used the sunroof a few times.
This is my 3rd Tahoe. Each one gets better than the last. I kinda miss the old body style though. They all have a great ride, can't beat GM suspension. 
Lots of features for the price. Very roomy, ride is smooth for such a large vehicle. Third row seat management was overlooked, seats should food flat out of the way. Fuel economy no better than other large SUV's, 8 to 4 cylinders just a marketing ploy it seems like. If you want a large SUV, this one is very nice. However, don't be fooled by the fuel economy estimates!
If I had reviewed my Tahoe 3 months after buying it, I would have rated all 10's! Drives like a dream, is super comfortable, and looks great (especially new interior). However, constant problems within the last 4 months. All relatively minor, but still annoying. Problems include starting issues, electrical/battery issues, and trim issues/moulding issues. Many of the problems can't be fixed 'cause dealer "can't duplicate the problem." Its my 3rd Tahoe and unfortunately, might be my last. Tired of of my monthly trips to the dealership.
I liked the vehicle when I purchased it in May of 2006. The truck is a 2007. I have had some major problems with it, like the main electrical switch for the door and window operations has been intermittent for some time. My air conditioner blew hot and cold simutaneously. The transmission has some major missed in it going forward and backward. Everyone can hear it, they just don't know what to do with it and how to fix it. It is at the dealer now, they thought it was finished but when we went to pick ip up, it is making the same noises in the shifting gears and they are quite loud. What does it take to get your truck fixed? We buy fleet sales for construction crews so please fix it!
Excellent job Chevy! This is the best vehicle I have ever owned. Luxury, comfort and built like a tank! I will never own anything else.
This is my third new tahoe and will be my last.Traded in 03lt that was the best .I listened to the so called experts who said 07 was a big improvement.It is not.I got 99miles and had to return to dealer for service.Seats are like sitting on a pile of bricks.All the creature comforts are gone.No more folding arm rests,cargo net,change holder,etc,etc,
I've had my Tahoe for 10 months now. I can honestly say it is the best vehicle that I've ever owned. Not a single warranty item in 20,000 mi. I previously owned an Infiniti I30 and Honda Accord which both had some warranty items. Drive is smooth. It's a great vehicle that I enjoy every day. 
This is the smoothest best handing full size SUV I have ever driven. When turning, handling is precise and easy to accomplish. It has a solid but comfortable ride. Gas mileage is not as high as posted on the invoice, but not bad for a full size vehicle. I had averaged around 17 in town, 19 on the road. I have had several friends comment that they would definitely look into the Tahoe to replace their Fords. The only complainant is that I have noticed is that trucks passing or crosswinds cause the truck to feel light. 
I expected my new Tahoe to be great and that it is. Good riding, fun to drive and fuel mileage is what I expected based on the window sticker. 2nd row captain seats are comfy and allow easy access to the rear. If I had to complain about anything at all, it would be the 3rd row seats not folding into the floor.
This is my second 2007 chevy Tahoe, first bought an LS, then bought an LT3, I love all of the extra features, drives like a dream, and it is great for travel. I saved more money in car insurance this time than last. Chevy has a winner in my book!!
Bought my first new LS Tahoe in 2001. After 6 1/2 years and 175,000 miles later I reluctantly decided to trade it in for the new 3rd generation Tahoe LT Special Edition. Just hit 3,000 miles and it is simply a magnificant machine. The 3rd generation initiates an elegant SUV both inside and out. I could not compliment this car any higher. Sure I wish it had better gas mileage. That said I love the Tahoe.
This is my second Tahoe. I traded an '02 in for this one because my experience with the '02 was so great. I stand by my original thoughts. I will never own anything else! I test drove a lot of SUVs and did a lot of research just to be sure when shopping, and nothing compares to the comfort and ease of this truck. I knew what I was getting into with the MPG, so I really can't complain about it. I have had a few minor problems that were quickly resolved: locked up steering wheel, the automatic rear door stopped working, etc. Overall a great experience and I will have owned it for a year in a couple of days!
I owned an '05 GTO but wanted an '07 Tahoe. My husband said I would not be happy since I loved the power of the Goat. Boy was he wrong! He drove it from GA to NC and said it wasn't as comfortable as his '03 Silverado. I then drove from GA to NC and I disagree with him completely. I wanted a black Tahoe but decided on white since it gets so hot in GA. I got the LT2 and added Victory Circle 20's with Pirelli tires. I get lots of looks when I drive, almost as many as I got in my reg GTO.
I purchased my '07 Tahoe almost 2 weeks ago and really like it so far. I opted for the leather and rear sensors (LT2 package). The rear sensor is a great addition and well worth the extra cost. The leather is good quality and very comfortable. My buddy has an '04 Tahoe and there is no comparison between our two. The turning radius is just awesome in this thing! I'm also surprised that I've gotten over 15 mgp so far in mostly city driving, all while the engine isn't even broken in yet! I'm really liking my new Tahoe!
I really like this Tahoe. I bought black on black. Black leather interior with black on the outside. It will be hard to keep clean... but when it is it's a very sexy ride! With the 2nd row leather bucket seats it's very roomy on the inside. It looks and feels like a limo! Fuel mileage is not bad, but what do you expect from an SUV at this size. All in all I'm very happy!
I drove the Tahoe from GA to NC and it was a very comfortable trip. The gas mileage was surprising to me at 20 mpg on the highway. The steering wheel controls are very easy to use.
Please don't take the MPG ratings on the window sticker as gospel. I believe mine was rated at 17/22. I was averaging 14.5. Never got above 18 MPG even during travel of all highway miles. Other than gas mileage, the truck was well built. They've done a good job with the 07's. This is coming from someone who swore they would never purchase an American car. However, gas was killing me. Just traded for a BMW. Just got 31.7 MPG last week on the highway. 
I had a lot of problems within a year with my 2007 Tahoe. First, was the driver's seat. It happened 3 mos after my purchase. The auto function wouldn't work so I had to bring it to the nearest dealer. Second, on the fifth month, the digital display of my tire pressures wasn't working, again I had to bring it to the dealership. On the 8th month, major problems. My car wouldn't engage to Drive, I had to put it to 2nd gear in order for it to move. It took a week for the dealership to fix the problem. Too many problems with the vehicle, it's been less than a year. Lastly, I average 15mpg.
I have only had my truck a short time, but is great. I rate it high on fuel economy due to the drop from 8 to 4 cylinders when at cruising speed. This helps on trips and when driving at low speeds. The interior is oustanding. I left an '06 EB Explorer to get this truck and am loving every moment. From the design to the handling, the Tahoe has it all.
This truck is wonderful and fun to drive. The new styling is superb. The interior has come a long way for the Tahoe. We purchased the LT with the LT3 package. This has all the goodies like power liftgate, wood grain, 3rd row, 20 " wheels, rear entertainment, etc. We found that it was a better deal to go with the LT3 loaded than going for the LTZ. Anyway it rides very well. We previously had a Grand Cherokee Jeep that was loaded and there is no comparison. This truck is the best. Gas mileage is not the best but it is better than we expected. The engine cuts out some cylinders which does work but doesn't effect performance.
The only suggestion I could make to improve the Tahoe, is to put in fold down seats. Can be awkard carrying large items and the 3rd row seats are so heavy to remove, especially for a woman. I love the Tahoe and it's my second. I traded in a 2003 for the 2007. 
I looked at everything out there from mid-size to crossover to large and the Tahoe just can't be beat for the money. I put 1000 miles on it the day after delivery and loved every inch of it. We've only had it a month now with no regrets and lots of smiles. I've owned GM vehicles most of my life and I always research the market before any new purchase, GM came out a winner again. Keep up the good work!
I really like the improvement in design and build quality. The interior is finely made and all gaps and fits on the body are tight like a car. You don't expect to get great fuel economy on a vehicle like this, but I was pleasantly surprised to be getting 19-21 mpg on the highway. The cylinder deactivation is a great feature and it is especially cool that you can see how it is working on the IP display. With the big fuel tank, this baby's got range. Very roomy and comfortable in the back. 
Exceptional vehicle. My hat is off to GM for building this truck. What a great vehicle, and it gets a lot of looks. The wife loves to drive it too. She can't get enough of this truck. 
I love everything about this car except the lack of storage inside this car. It's the only drawback. I wish I had noticed this before I bought. May have gone another way, but everything else is great..
Awesome vehicle. I look forward to driving this vehicle every morining. The drive to work is very enjoyable. Great looking, well built, rides great and the gas mileage is OK (18.5 overall). This vehicle is much more appealing than the Ford or Dodge. People notice when you drive by. 
I really like the new Tahoe. Unfortunately, it does have some problems. The doors all squeak a lot on anything but a really smooth road. Driver window also squeaks when lowered. Three trips to dealer have not fixed anything and driver window now hass alot of wind noise. Gas mileage was initially very poor but got better after engine was broken in and I reprogrammed engine chip.
My wife and I have been shopping to trade our Lexus RX300 in for a full size SUV and have fallen in love with the Tahoe. We purchased a 2007 Chevrolet Tahoe LTZ with all the bells and whistles. It has Navigation/Dvd/power lift gate/ and all the extras that comes with the Tahoe LTZ. We are extremely impressed with the vehicle and love it greatly! If you are looking for a full luxury vehicle with amenities, there is no need to purchase a Lexus or other, go with the Tahoe. Chevy has impressed me with the engineering of the interior as well as the smoothness of the ride. 
Wow....this is my third Chevy SUV and this tops them all. It is a great truck. Comfort and style come together to make 2007 Chevys best yet. The truck rides smooth, handles great, and braking and steering are refined. The interior has most everything in reach for the driver and passengers. Wherever you go there will be positive comments on the '07. By being a driver of past Suburbans and Tahoes I can realize the differences made in the new Tahoe. My opinion is that this SUV will give any other SUV a run for thier money. 
After years of avoiding an SUV thru station wagon ownership, I gave in and got my wife the Tahoe. I'm theortetically getting a fishing boat out of the deal this spring which will make me like it even more. We've clocked ~6,5k miles to date and just returned from a ski trip to Lake Placid. The truck was fabulous on the 5+hr drive to upstate NY on I-87. We averaged 17mph on the highway with 6 people, 1 black lab and all our gear in the roofbox. The village we stayed in still had about 6" of snow on the roads from the 2/14 storm. The Tahoe never faltered in any of the ice or snow. It's a big lumbering vehicle, but surprisingly easy to park and drive in close quarters. 
I have had my LTZ already for almost 6 months and it has been at the dealer 4 times. Air bag lights, 4 wheel drive sensors, tire pressure sensors and the latest was the wipers for this week. Truck runs great when it wants too. Gas mileage is very poor. Forget it on E85. Even worse! I actually get better gas mileage on my full size Chevy van with a load on it then my Tahoe. If you have children, flip 4 the model with a bench seat on the 2nd row! 
I have driven this car since Feb 2006 and I am returning to this site for an update. The car has run flawlessly for 12 months. It is a top notch fun to drive full size SUV. Also, purchased a 2007 X3 BMW and the 2007 Tahoe's interior is superior in terms of comfort and functionality. This is a Chevy to be proud off. Would definitely recommend this vehicle. 
I am amazed at the way this truck handles and the gas mileage. In city rual driving I get 18+ to the gallon. Comfort is excellent and quietness is a welcome relief for a truck. Just got out of a 2005 Tacoma and my legs and back love the Tahoe.
I actually look forward to driving my 2007 Tahoe LTZ. It is the most reliable vehicle that I have ever purchased from GM. I have not encountered any problems to date having purchased the vehicle in July 2006.
Bad interior design. No internal storage, no place for window scraper, fist aide kit or emergency road kit. Hi/Lo beam actuation unsafe push turn signal away from you to actuate, now out of reach from steering wheel. Takes too long to heat up. Gas fill is bad design, back pressure shuts off pump. Gas cap design bad, could come off in accident. Excessive road and wind noise. Not enough driver space. Seat belt difficult to buckle/unbuckle. Beverage holder in bottom of door?Transmission seems to slip. Auto door lock/unlock disable, annoying. Too many icons, use english language, 4 icons representing lighting, could not find airconditiong, confusing. Radio controls too complicated.
Once you learn how to drive it, with a very light foot, and get the 22 mpg most of the time, that feature alone is worth everything. SanFran/Sac on a 1/4 tank. The seats are comfortable, and has every feature imaginable.That said, this truck seems to me designed without any of the engineers ever driving it. First off, the cup holders do not hold a 1.5 liter bottle of water. Lower gauges are unreadable in daylight. They got rid of all the little places to put stuff. Used to have a coin holder in my old one, now a have a baggie of change. For the price there is a lot of road noise. I guess it's light to keep the mileage up. The other person is right about the outside air coming in. 
Chevy has out done themselves with this vehicle.The 2007 Tahoe is a work of art. The smooth ride and comfort are beyond my expectations. My previous BMW X5 doesnt compare. I look forward to driving this vehicle every day! 
After 9 months and 8,000 hard miles, I can tell you that my Tahoe is running perfectly. Zero problems. Smooth, quiet, comfortable and powerful. A great all-around vehicle that tows my snowmobile trailer with ease. Even a year after introduction it still turns heads. 
Great interior styling, and great drivability. Comfort and conveinence everywhere. Practical vehicle for the kids and for winter trips.
I loved this vehicle until I washed it the other day. I have put 1600 miles on the vehicle and loved every mile. I noticed when I washed it the other day there were small rust spots everywhere. I looked at another white one and it has the same problem. Taken it in to the dealership tomorrow.
I am in love with this truck. I have a 2007 Range Rover that I drove everyday and I wanted another truck to drive besides my Range. I was going to get the Nissan Armada but when I passed by the Chevrolet place on my way to get the Armada I saw my gray Tahoe and I had to go look at it and drive it. Let's just say I never made it to the Nissan dealer to get the Armada.
I've had my 2007 Tahoe now for 6 months. Just over 20,000 very happy miles on the odometer. The car is super comfortable, very responsive and a pleasure to drive. I wish I could find ethanol in New York but it's just not available yet. Just returned from a 4,000 mile round trip to Florida, great trip. My only complaint is the rear window. It is impossable to keep it clean. A slight rain and you can't see out the window. The car needs a spoiler to re-direct the rain off the window better. The sound system is great as are the heated seats. It was +9 here this morning and the seats were toasty warm. Looking forward to many happy miles. By the way, I replaced a 1996 GMC Yukon that had 146k miles
I'm pleased with almost everything about the new Tahoe. The only concerns or objections are the navigation system, the gas mileage and the noise in the head liner. The naviagation system is the worst I've experienced. It will often direct you to turn where there is no road to turn to. Also, the Nav will direct you and tell you that you have arrived at your destination when in fact you are about a quarter mile away. It has even sent me in the wrong direction when I was close to my destination.
I just purchased an LT Z71 and I love it. I was torn between the Escalade and the Tahoe and I am glad I went with the Tahoe. I saved $15,000 and got 4 wheel drive. I have always owned small trucks because the bigger ones are tough to park and drive, not the case with the 2007 Tahoe. Rides like a Caddy and handles like a sedan! Great family vehicle. Make sure you shop around. 3 dealers only came down $4000, the 4th came down $6,000. 
I love my ss.. It reminds me when I was 16 drivin my '56 belair. Just a bit faster & a lot more comfort, easier to steer and obviously more features. At 24k I had to replace the front brakes $450 wow! That was for brakes & turning rotors. It also needs 4 new tires $600+. At 54 years old, I can say I have always driven a Chevy. Even though I love this ss, I'm getting rid of it. It's time 4 a change. I don't mind the 9 mpg around town on 93 octane ($2.85 gal. Now) but the upkeep is too expensive and I'm used to replacing brakes & tires at 50k or 60k, not 24k. I hate 2 say it, but I'm buying a Toyota. Better quailty, better engineering. Sorry gm, you can't make they quality anymore.
I've had my Trailblazer for about 2 years and already I've had it in the shop 2 times about to be the 3rd time. Twice with the ignition and once with the passenger side window not raising. I'm very disappointed in the lack of quality in this problem.
I love this SUV! It is the first 4door car I have ever owned. More powerful than my 70's Vette and 98 Trans Am, handles almost as well. And it can haul my family of five comfortably.
I drive my Trailblazer mostly in town. After switching over to a synthetic oil I improved MPG's from 15.5 to 16.5. I had some front end trouble at 38000 miles. The entire rack and pinion steering system had to be replaced. $1500.00 ouch! It's a good SUV. Currently I have 47000 miles on it and no more trouble. 
In Sept. 2007, I traded in a Ford Taurus SES for a 3LT Trailblazer with the 5.3L V8. I drove the SS, and even though the acceleration and handling were impressive, the fuel consumption made me rethink. I then drove a 4.2L I6, but just after driving the SS, it seemed lacking. As the 5.3L gets the same mileage as the 4.2, I went on the look for one. Not a lot more power than the 4.2, but a lot more torque makes for effortless acceleration and quiet cruising. A highway trip today yielded 24.6 mpg with the cruise control set 4 mph over the limit. rides smooth, seats are comfy, and you can beat Lexus LX 470's and GX 470's all day long, as there are no external V8 identification badges.
In Sept. 2007, I traded in a Ford Taurus SES for a 3LT Trailblazer with the 5.3L V8. I drove the SS, and even though the acceleration and handling were impressive, the fuel consumption made me rethink. I then drove a 4.2L I6, but just after driving the SS, it seemed lacking. As the 5.3L gets the same mileage as the 4.2, I went on the look for one. Not a lot more power than the 4.2, but a lot more torque makes for effortless acceleration and quiet cruising. A highway trip today yielded 24.6 mpg with the cruise control set 4 mph over the limit. rides smooth, seats are comfy, and you can beat Lexus LX 470's and GX 470's all day long, as there are no external V8 identification badges.
I think Chevy should have kept this truck in production. The Atlas 4.2 inline six has lots of power 291 HP.It pulls our 24' travel trailer with ease. It is so smooth running the factory set up the ignition so that you can not engage the starter while the engine is running.Not that you would want to! The leather 8 way PWR heated seats are great.As is the rest of the toys this truck has.I think the average fuel consumption at 9.0L/100km is good. Best I have got was 8.2L/100km.I had a 1996 GMC SLT AWD Jimmy that had a 4.3 V6 and 190 HP.This is by far a better truck in all areas. I would buy another Trailblazer LT but maybe if fuel cost was not a concern I,d jump at the SS Trailblazer. 
My fiance and I purchased our TrailBlazer as a third vehicle for road trips to visit family in the north east. Gas mileage isn't stellar, but for the type of vehicle it is, I think it's fine. Interior is basic, but that's exactly what we wanted - and it fits the price. The exterior is very Chevrolet and brawny. The tight turning radius is extremely welcomed in the congested traffic we have in DC. The ride is great for a BOF SUV and it feels nimble and brakes adequately for it's size. Acceleration is fine, but at times it feels as though it could use some more power. I guess I'm spoiled as my daily driver is a 2005 GTO. Overall, the vehicle is perfect for our needs.
Ok, go out there and try to find something like this for the money, good luck! This is a very fast truck, accelerates, sounds, handles and drives like a sports car. I bought it used, 13k miles, one owner, fully loaded, paid 24k, could not be happier. Drive as a company car, need all the room to put all my stuff, puts a big smile in my face every time I press the gas pedal. OK gas mileage stinks, what can you expect? 6.0 liters, 395HP/405Lb torque (you will feel them) you need a lot of gas to put out those numbers, I get 13MPG average, which is comparable to a lot of V8 trucks out there. If it snows where you are get AWD and get grippier tires than the OEM Goodyears
I really like the vehicle and it's very comfortable. When my spouse and daughter get into the car they love to fall asleep because the leather seating is so comfortable. My coworkers do the same thing. I do not like that the battery drains quickly when I leave the vehicle sitting in the parking lot over 3 days.
I've always been a Chevy fan. But after a few purchases in the 1980's and 1990's I felt the build quality had went downhill so much I was wary of buying another Chevrolet product. I am no longer wary of the Chevrolet brand. Since buying this 2007 TrailBlazer well over a year ago I have nothing but praise for it. No problems what so ever. Build quality is outstanding. The ride and handling are great. The acceleration is wonderful. Highly recomended!
I bought this vehicle new in the fall of 07 as a left over. I put about 40K miles on a truck per year. I have been impressed with the power and fuel economy of the inline 6. I have had less than stellar reviews for the fit and finish and the vehicle locks. The interior console is poorly designed. I hate the OnStar big brother thing and the original tires. I now have a passenger side window track that is broke and I'm out of warranty in 13 mos. I'll probably keep this car for a long time but I get the feeling that its going to be expensive. If the American auto manufacturers are going to make it they are going to have to pay attention to details & stop worrying about gimmicks 
I've had my Trailblazer about a year. I bought it slightly used. Overall it has been good. I've had a problem with the rack and pinon steering ($1000 repair) and the power door locks failing to lock the rear glass using the key fob. I feel very safe and secure as I drive and there is no wind noise. Overall, a good purchase
I have been driving Chevys for my entire life. My family has always owned Chevys, as does my wife's. This vehicle by far out does any of the previous Chevy models. Yes, the interior is the Chevy basics, but the comfort level can't be matched. The seat feels like you're sitting in a recliner everytime you drive. 
This is by far the best SUV my wife and I have ever driven or ridden in. The ride is as smooth as can be, the handling is amazing, the looks are awesome, and we get 20 mpg which is great for an SUV of its size. It has lots of leg room, as well as a lot of luggage space. It gets up and goes great! The safety features are first class. We have put quite a bit of mileage on it and changing the oil is really the only maintenance it has needed. Great vehicle!
I have owned two TrailBlazers and both provided great ownership. This latest vehicle is an LT model (the previous one was an LS) and we really like the added features. We have leather and a sunroof, and the 17-inch wheels. The color is Moondust metallic and is really a nice color (doesn't show the dirt as much). We also have the OnStar and XM radio options which are wonderful. This vehicle provides a nice ride and good utility with the rear seats down. I avg. about 18.2 MPG in town and 19.9 MPG on the h'way. at 70 MPH (higher MPH the MPG decreases). For an SUV this size and comfort I don't consider that too bad. I have regular maintenace done and have had no issues with both TrailBlazers. 
I was going to buy a Corvette, and have a second vehicle for a daily driver. That was all until I drove my 3/SS TrailBlazer. I have driven many rental car regular TrailBlazers, and the difference is amazing. You wouldn't think you're in the same manufacturer's vehicle. Word of advice, if you buy one, do not put a straight pipe on it, way way too loud. Gas mileage stinks, but its a 6.0 V8. It's very fun to drive on the twisties, but not as fast as I initially thought. Can't beat a Mustang GT, or a Z28, however it does accelerate hard, and shifts very hard - I really like that part. Beat a 350Z, and any other SUV with the exception of the Jeep Grand Chrokee SRT8, and Cayenne Turbo. Overall, I absolutely LOVE it! Can't complain.
I have driven a lot of SUV's and this is the worst by far. Rides like a truck, the trim/seal on the doors is already falling off. Too small inside, horrid cup holders. Doesn't feel like it holds the ground well. Drinks gasoline like plants drink water. HATE IT. Would love to get rid of it.
Very nice ride! Interior is very light, but comfortable. It rides like a bigger suv but handles like a small one. I have been very happy with the comfort, but wish I would have gotten a lighter color. Black is horrible to keep clean
I love the look of this SUV. Pros: love the heated seats, sunroof, stereo, tons of leg room in the front and the back. Cons: the 4 wheel drive is horrible. Not enough traction. The seats are not deep enough. I feel like I'm going to slide off every time I brake (and no... I'm not a big person).
The Trailblazer SS is an excellent all around performer. My wife loves it, and im pretty partial to it my self. Again its a great truck. Just dont hit a patch of ice (in southern Texas) at 30 mph it will send you through a fence and in to a field.
I was looking for something practical, then I test drove the TrailBlazer SS. I forgot all about gas mileage when I put my foot on the gas, come 395 hp in a SUV, Corvette base block engine, Chevy you went to far. The interior a little sporty for a 51 year old, I think not. This vehicle still turns head a 21/2 years old. The Bose sound system is awesome, it handles like a sports car, but with enough comfort to make a trip through the mountains fun. Who knew radio (XM) could sound so good, I just purchased 3 years so I would always have it. Overall my TrailBlazer SS is a bunch of fun, although an ave. of 13 mpg in the city is tough. 
This is my second TrailBlazer. I loved my 2004 so much when it came time to trade in I just had to get another even after shopping around to other trucks. This is a reliable well built truck that is as comfortable as can be and still is capable of off roading here in Utah with ease. Perfect amount of space and great easy to use features and reliability. I have never had to have either of my trucks serviced for anything except the basic upkeep. I have the leather seats, on star, xm radio and bose stereo...this truck rocks!
 Screamer! Fast as hell, w/o the gas guzzler 6.0 AWD of the SS. I own a 4.2L Envoy, the 5.3L gets 2 MPG better. Remember these are SUV's not Corvettes.
I've had this vehicle for a few weeks now and I really love it. The ride is smooth and quiet. I don't have the leather seats and really don't care. I have the Bose sound system which is great. The engine is great as well. I would recommend the Trailblazer to anyone. It's in between sporty and big at the same time.
Have had the car about one month. Love it, have had two new C6 Corvettes a 98 & 2001. This is not a Vette but is a lot of fun anyway. My wife had a 2004 Trailblazer and wanted a new one. She wanted a sunroof and such. I wanted a Vette so we met about half way. The power is great. The gas mileage is not as bad as I thought. The first tank was on a trip over trailridge and back was 19.5 this is at 10,500 feet over sea level. It did not know we were on a hill. All the power you could use.
I've had the SS for a few weeks now and I love it. It has the feeling of a car except you're sitting up higher. The fuel economy is pretty poor but what do you expect for an SUV with a Corvette based engine. The engine has a nice rumble to it. I've always had vehicles with leather but opted for the cloth on this one and I couldn't be happier. The seats are actually more comfortable than the leather. Overall I'm very happy with the Trailblazer and would highly recommend it to anyone.
I just bought my first SUV and I always wanted a Trailblazer, so I thought this would be the perfect opportunity to buy one. I was not disappointed at all. It drives like its floating on air. When going up the hills, it has some kick to it (not like my little 4 cylinder) and shifts very smooth. My kids even love it. 
Big roomy and powerful. Sure the interior is bland and plain, but it is functional and the seats are comfy. Other SUV's such as the Pathfinder or 4runner look nice with their shiny futuristic dashboards, however I have ridden in both and the seats are like sitting on a padded ironing board.
Great ride in a midsize high- performance SUV. Quiet, smooth ride and handling, responsive steering and super turning radius. Have averaged over 17 mpg by using cruise control (and not lighting up the tires) on highway. Fairly comfortable seating and easy entry and exit. Extremely pleased with purchase. Get more compliments from admirers than my last three Cadillacs!
I've had it for a year. It's a wonderful compromise between a sports car and a family vehicle. Better than an X5, fraction of the cost.
I traded in a Subaru to get more size and towing ability, and the TrailBlazer seemed like an excellent choice. The interior is very comfortable, the motor has great power, and the mileage has been acceptable. My family loves it, and my dogs are so impressed that they actually sit quietly in the back seat! I'd recommend it to anyone.
Not oversized and not gaudy looking, this truck has a personality all its own. I wouldn't trade it for anything else on the market, and I have only had it a month. Takes me back to the 69/70 era of the 396 Chevelle SS which I owned and had many hours of driving fun, with my friends and fellow SS owners. 
I just purchased a 2007 TBSS 3SS LT package. I said I would never buy an American made car or truck. I just couldn't take my eyes off the truck. So far I'm impressed by its performance and handling. The ride is solid and firm at the same time smooth. With a few things modded, this SUV will really wake up. I love the Bose sound system with XM radio. If you're in the market for an SUV with Camaro SS performance and handling, and plenty of room for the kids, look in to a Trailblazer SS, you can't go wrong with this truck.
I moved from Michigan to Eastern Tennessee. I found the Silverado awkward to drive in a city with lots of hills and curves. When I saw the TrailBlazer I knew it's what I wanted. It has a trailer hitch the same as my pickup. so, I can pull my utility trailer when hauling is needed and enjoy the comfort and convenience of an SUV when not working. It has lots of power. Finally, this SUV is handsome.
This is my second TrailBlazer. The first one I had was a 2004 and I loved it, absolutely no trouble out of it. Upgraded to a few more features. The car looks great and drives great
Got it not expecting much. Rides like a limo and extremly roomy. Doesn't feel too big either
I traded in a 1998 Blazer. I would like to have bought a new one, but they no longer make them. That car was 9 years old with nothing but the usual maintenance. This 2007 TrailBlazer is a little higher (off the ground) than I would like, but still my best choice for a purchase. The vehicle rides much better then the '98, I've only had it for a week, so I'll have to see what the fuel economy is. All in all, I like it!
Fantastic. I test drove a lot of cars before purchasing my SS. I traded an Envoy in which I hated from day one and swore never to look at that body style again, but low and behold this truck is absolutely a fun fast beefy monster. I also own an '05 Suburban which I though I'd never want to get into something smaller. This TrailBlazer SS is the best value for the money out there, great rebates and incentives, saved over $5,000 of of a sticker of $35,900.
Purchased the TrailBlazer a few days ago and I love it. I tested many other SUVs and this SUV beat it. The sales person gave me the impression the car came with more features and mislead me in our conversations. Thankfully, I knew more about the car coming into the dealership and was prepared.
Still cannot understand how I got this vehicle. Noisy, doesn't keep the road, the interior is just like they were making cars in late 80's. It has only 10,000 on it, but have already fixed it 5 times. The best feature is to turn wipers on. I've been cursing the designer's mother since I tried to turn wipers first time. That was my last American car.
We recently replaced a Pontiac Grand Prix GTP w/ this and are very pleased. The ride is great, the fuel mileage is O.K. w/ the 8 cyl. ( 17.5 to 21.7) but we have not taken it on any trips yet. We got every option on this except the DVD player and like it all. What a pleasure to drive and to park.
I have loved the TrailBlazer look since it came out, but never wanted to pay $30k for an inline 6cyl. Problem solved! I have been a Vette owner and this is a four door cargo carrying Vette. It rides great, handling is amazing, braking is very impressive, and it's just the right size for this kind of power. The clean exterior with little badging is such a tasteful look. I got a 2007 fully loaded minus nav for just over $30k and the 6001 lb gvwr makes it a nice tax deduction. I know the mileage is bad but that's not why you are buying this vehicle. Buy one!
I finally got the SUV of my dreams. My initial purchase trip was for the CTS-V, instead I test drove the TrailBlazer SS and could not leave the driver's seat until I went inside to sign the contract. I have left Mustang GT's eating my dust and just love the growl of the exhaust. Chevrolet did us truck fans proud when they Nrburgring'd this one for us. If you seek excellent, reliable transportation with some ooomph, get-up-and-go, this is the one.
Have been driving my new '07 Trailblazer LT for a week now and absolutely love it. 4 wheel drive is fantastic and the ride and feel of the car is great. 18 inch rims look very sharp and have turned a few heads already. Great SUV and would highly recommend it.
This vehicle is a great buy for the price. Bose option is fabulous. Gets in and out of parking like a smaller vehicle. Large rear cargo area. Sits high like a Siverado. Great in traffic.
Not a bad truck. Has alot of power. Drives pretty smooth for a truck, handles well. All around truck. I am a car guy. Has just as much power as my CTSV, that tells it all.
After much debate, I finally purchased the '07 TrailBlazer SS. Didn't get a lot of the frills, bought mostly for performance and I absolutely love the power and exterior looks. Not too crazy about the interior dash and the standard radio. Would definitely suggest at least getting the upgraded Bose sound system. The fuel economy isn't that great which seems to get less than my 02 Infiniti QX4 rated with the same mpg of 15 city and 19 hwy. 
I love my new 2007 TrailBlazer. I had a 2002 TrailBlazer and just traded it in on the '07. It's loaded. The comfort level is most awesome. I will never own a different type of SUV. It's just pure sweetness. Thank you Chevy for making such a fine ride. I find myself wanting to ride in it all day long.
This one is fun to drive and very quick. The 6.0 has more than enough power. The interior is well done but there are some cheap plastics on the doors and dash. The rubber trim on the exterior winshield had to be glued back on after an 80 mph cruise. Overall much more satifying than my 2005 EB Explorer. I recently took a 400 mile trip (all on the interstate)and averaged 17.2 mpg at 75mph. The same trip in the 4.0 liter Explorer averaged 19.5.
This vehicle handles great! It also has all the power you would need with the 400hp Corvette engine. The sunroof did leak, but the dealership repaired it for me. The only downfall is that it gets bad gas mileage at 17 on the highway with the Corvette getting 27 on the highway. Overall I would have to say this is a great vehicle though.
I love this truck. It is very comfortable, steers and handles beautifully. Feels like a luxury vehicle but with towing and 4 x 4. All the safety features like OnStar and side air curtains are a comfort. And it looks real good. I rode in back seat recently and love the rear seat heater with upper and lower choices and fan speed. Did I say I love this truck? Am looking forward to driving this for many miles!
I just got my SS just the other day. I went from a C320 Benz to this SUV and it is awesome! From the 20' wheels to its power. I found myself going from leather to cloth and I enjoy it a lot more than I thought. This is the first SUV I have owned and I don't think that I will go after another car again from owning the SS. 
The comfort of my TrailbBlazer is one in a million. The sunroof is large and the heated leather seats are so welcome on a cold morning. The TrailBlazer rides beautifully and handles going into parking spaces easier then a smaller car. The memory seats have been great for me, as I let my spouse drive it on weekends. After driving this vehicle, I would not go back to driving a car again. I love my Trailblazer LT!
Reliable. Comfortable to ride and drive. Handles exceptionally well, a real surpise and pleasure. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys driving and likes to get out of town.
After having one Blazer, I had to buy another and this new '07 is awesome! I love the sunroof, stereo, handling, and everything about it! Test drive one today, You will be happy you did! Lots of pick up and easy access to all.
I know that it is too soon to make any long term judgement but the TrailBlazer we bought exceeds our expectations. When researching vehicles we consistantly read that the suspension of the TB was less than 'good' which kept us from considering the TB. We had a relative who drove an '06 and they said that they were pleased with the ride and handling. We got the LT (loaded) and so far can't drive it enough. Incidently, we also drove the SS. If it had not looked too 'pretentious' for a couple of 50+ it was tempting.
Overall I think that the SS is a good value for the money. I went from an '04 VW Touareg with almost every option stickering at $52 to the TB SS that stickered for $42 and after rebates and supplier discount picked the truck up for $30K. A lot quicker, believe it or not, better gas mileage and don't have the typical "VW Annoyances" like electrical problems and poor craftsmanship that they charge top dollar for and look at you funny when you complain about it. Seats are fairly comfortable on long trips, maybe adjustable headrests for us taller folk. Fuel economy isnt the greatest, but what "sports car" is? Overall its a tight feeling and riding vehicle, would recommend for an "everyday" car.
I had an '03 TrailBlazer LT. The first year, I swore I'd never own another. The next 2 1/2 years it was very reliable, enough so that when my saleman called me with a deal that was too good to refuse, I went for a fully loaded LT with leather, sunroof, heated seats. Subtle interior changes make it seem a lot classier than the '03. The only exterior change is a restyled grille, and a lower hangover on the rear bumper, so you can't see the spare tire. If this one is as reliable as the last one (after the first year) I'll be driving this well over 100k.
I'm really enjoying my TrailBlazer SS. If you have owned a previous TrailBlazer, I promise your experience was nothing like the SS. It looks, rides and drives like a totally different vehicle. I drive mine daily, and hate when I have to get out. Fuel economy is about like that of a 1/2 ton truck and the power is awesome.
This vehicle is simply the finest SUV I have had. I am a big guy at 6?-5? and over 300#. I fit fine and this thing is fast! I mean we are talking an SUV here folks but it gets down and goes. I have always had SUV?s or Trucks and my last was a 450+hp supercharged Avalanche. This is so much more fun. The suspension is tight and very predictable. If you want one, get one. I needed one. I got mine and you can?t have it. Enjoy 
I've only had mine for five months, but I've been tracking the production of the SS since its days on the drawing board. Working in a Chevy dealership makes me a bit biased I guess, but this car is all I was hoping it would be. I love driving my car every day. The only drawbacks would be the fuel economy and the lack of a dual exhaust. Go out and buy one. It's a blast!
It's easy to handle. Easy to get in and out of places. Very dependable. Very easy to get in and out of.
I rented one with 40k miles, and drove it 3 days before returning it to the rental store. Highway driving is horrible, the cabin is so loud that there is no chance of anyone in the second row of seats hearing the driver unless you are under 30mph or yelling. At 60+ mph even the passenger needs to speak very loudly so the driver can hear. You can hear and feel every bump in the road, it's quite sad. We had trouble with both sliding doors. Eventually one of the sliding doors did not shut properly, and when we reopened it, it fell off the track. The dealership seemed unsurprised and just asked us to return it for another. Very cheaply made vehicle!
I rented one with 40k miles, and drove it 3 days before returning it to the rental store. Highway driving is horrible, the cabin is so loud that there is no chance of anyone in the second row of seats hearing the driver unless you are under 30mph or yelling. At 60+ mph even the passenger needs to speak very loudly so the driver can hear. You can hear and feel every bump in the road, it's quite sad. We had trouble with both sliding doors. Eventually one of the sliding doors did not shut properly, and when we reopened it, it fell off the track. The dealership seemed unsurprised and just asked us to return it for another. Very cheaply made vehicle!
From what I have read many people are having issues with their sliding doors and gas gauge. I too thing the gas gauge is useless. This morning as my wife put 1 of my 3 kids into the car and went to close the drivers side sliding door IT COMPLETELY FELL OFF AND HIT MY SON IN THE SIDE OF THE HEAD.
The uplander is different than other vans. It sits up higher on the 17" wheels and has more ground clearance. You can open the engine bay and see an engine because of the long hood. The engine is descent with good power. This van is not the nicest to drive, the most dependable, nor does it have the best interior, but if you want to tow a camper or leave pavement or like to ride a bit higher with all the room of a van, I recommend you take it for a drive. Don't be afraid to spend a couple bucks and get a 4 wheel alignment, upgraded shocks and you have most problems handled.
 Battery keeps going dead for no apparent reason, dealership can't figure out the reason, and I am stuck paying a note on something I can't drive. Apparently its "rocket science" nobody can figure out what the problem is, and they don't care.
Help!Just purchased a few months ago-this car has been in the shop 6 times for the gas gauge-it floats- never gives the exact amount of gas you have. I called gm they said it is this cars issue not defect! They dont know how to fix it-I am just stuck with it like that!The sliding doors close then pop back open!
My wife and I bought this used van back in March and love it! It had about 46650 miles on it, but drove and felt like a brand new vehicle. We traded a 1998 Chevy Venture. While the Uplander looks somewhat similar to the Venture, it rocks with it's vast improvements, especially the 240 horses of raw unadulterated power! Has great punch to pass at highway speeds. Van is much more quiet than its predecessor. It is an LS model with many standard features. Great factory Stereo! I proceeded to flush out the Dex-Cool antifreeze and replace with universal 5 year coolant. Dex-Cool coolant causes major problems! I took and flushed mine 2nd day I had it to protect cooling system.
I hate my vehicle. I started out loving it, until it was in the shop within a month. My rear hatch continuously rattles in the cold, and was told on the phone by GM head office that because they fixed 2 different items on it it may no longer be under warranty. If they would have fixed it right the first time is my argument. After 35,000kms my rotors were shot. They machined them and flipped them, and now after 70,000kms They need complete replacement. GM said that if they can machine them they will, but if they can't they will replace them. Mine were machineable, so I got fewer kilometres than if they were replaced. Not to mention the oil leaks, and the constant door adjustments. Run
I am not a Chevy person I have never been that impressed with the vehicles they make but when I went to find a vehicle for my family of five I fell in love with this one. We do have some problems with the door but ours will tell us if the doors are still open so we can close them. We do not have the automatic doors since many vehicles have problems with the motors going out and we did not want to have to deal with that. I hit a deer today front end damage was minimal and I walked away safe and sound, I was very impressed. I love my SV and would recommend this to anyone who wants a decent vehicle for the price. We do not have any special features and got ours for 16,900. Great deal. 
I fell in love with this van. Then all of a sudden the doors will not shut all the time the back will pop open, or the side doors will not shut at all even if you shut it off the it locks up. I am a mom with 3 little kids and this van is not a safe vehicle for anybody even if you have kids. I think they need to just recall all of these junk vans and give all of us new for all of our troubles that we have with them. My van has been in the shop at least 10 times for the sliding doors. I would not suggest any one in to buying this van. I hate it wishing I could get a new car!
I have had nothing but problems with my van since purchasing. It has had the steering shaft replaced, and the redundant controls on the steering wheel replaced. The power sliding doors are the biggest joke. They have had the entire motor and clutch assemblies replaced 5 or 6 times and also had to be realigned 5 or 6 times. This vehicle has been a real pile of junk. What's worse is that this is the 5th GM vehicle that I have owned. I never had problems with any of the others, and GM does not care that I am having problems now. They are simply content to keep patching the mechanical door failure and not actually fix the problem. Whatever it is. I promise this the last GM vehicle for me.
I purchased this van after I traded in a 2001 Venture. I have owned 2 Ventures and was again looking for a GM product. I was going to buy an HHR, but my wife saw this Uplander on the dealerships used car lot, and she fell in love with it. I just returned from a 2000+ mile trip through Virginia and West Virginia, and was really surprised how much improved this van is compared to my two previous Venture vans. The ride and handling are just awesome! The 3.9 V- 6 has plenty of power, and the 4-wheel disc brakes are a enormous improvement over any Venture's brakes. Overall, a smash hit at my house!
Out of 1 year I have owned vehicle, it has been in the service shop 6 times because of passenger sliding door problems. It's either the door gets stuck in fully opened position (2x), 'pops' back open after closing, closes partially then stops. Door has been out of alignment 4 times, and the the front passenger door was out of alignment once. Other consumers have reported door opened while car was in motion. Chevy has been unable to fix and seems to be stymied. 
Out of the 6 months I have owned this van, it has been in the shop 5 times. Since I bought it certified used thinking I was getting a deal, the lemon law does not apply and I am stuck with it because of the low resale and trade in value. My advice, choose another van. The cheaper price is not worth it. I will never buy another Chevy.
Ever since buying this brand new vehicle, we have had nothing but problems. Two weeks after purchase it was misfiring on 1 & 4 sparkplugs. Then the stability traction control comes on when you don't expect it. You'll be driving on dry pavement and then all of a sudden the abs comes on. Had the ebcm changed twice, the yaw censor changed but the problem keeps happening. Its really scary when your driving down the road at 70 km/h and the abs start applying for no reason. At first the code c0196 came up and now nothing comes up, it doesn't even store it in the computer. The dealer doesn't know what to do and GM isn't too concerned. I drive this with my 3 kids and I'm scared to death. Beware!
I bought a Braun Entervan (a Chevy Uplander that has been converted by the Braun Corporation for wheelchairs) 7 months ago and have had it in the shop 15 times. The ramp was improperly installed, the Smart box failed, the Braun wiring harness was broken, and the Braun applied weatherstripping fell off (I had a GM dealer fix some of these problems). I've also had Onstar problems, seatbelt, and molding problems that are GM issues. The initial quality was very low.
Family friendly: SUV front end, roomy, remote electronic side doors. Entertainment system. Traction control. Gave up my Suburban for these best options and comfort for my family. Started with as a car rental, now I own one.
Great car for an extended family. We just added a new baby to our family and the ease of the remote sliding doors on both sides really helps my wife and I get the boys in and out. The DVD players and wireless headsets are awesome. We can listen to what we want and they can watch their kiddy movies. I also love all the safty features, I am glad we bought this one.
We just got our minivan. Great look! Looks like an SUV but with sliding doors. Drives nicely. The extended version always has a smoother ride. But I can't complain. Very nice on the highway. 
I bought this "07 Uplander with 12000 mi. on it.As others have said it does resemble an SUV.This is my first van purchase and I am surprised at the ease of handling,smooth ride,excellent braking and adequate power. The exterior look is better than the normal van and the 17" wheels put it in another class.I'm so glad I discovered this van as I had never heard of it before a month ago.Love it!
Good warranty but not up to Kia. It's about time Asian companies started to force GM to back thier vehicles instead of thier pathetic 3/36 coverage. Seats are not well designed with some seats missing armrests in some models. Standard model lacks side air bags. Engine is cramped for having a large front end. Cheap to buy 1 year old due to fact they don't sell very well. May be best kept secret. 
I have owned this 2007 Chevrolet for a month, and have driven in the mountains and city driving all have been a pleasureable experience. The Uplander is roomy, convenient, economical, comfortable and handles like a dream. Average 23 mpg with both air running on hot days. Small issue of no arm rest on second row seat and small arm rests on front seat for large persons. Made new arm rest that slips over old ones out of foam and plastic sheet. I would reccomend this vehicle to anyone with children. DVD keeps them entertained while you drive. 
Vehicle is underpowered, has a hard time catching up with cruise control settings. Often resulting in high engine revs and downshifting. Even with no cargo load. Removing seats for cargo space is cumbersome and could result in back injury. They are extremly heavy, release and locking mechanisims do not work well. Center console not well designed or user friendly.
What caught my eye was the Uplander styling when I saw it in a parking lot. I like the hood styling and thought it was an SUV until I noticed the sliding doors. The exterior and interior styling is very nice. Some things could be improved like the cheap plastic on some parts. The seats front and second row could go back further, the middle row does not leave much leg room, especially for adults. I like the instrument panel, the cruise control should be higher up on the side of the wheel instead of near the bottom. The ride and handling are very good and with the rear seats out this vehicle works perfect for cargo. The sliding doors make access easy. It's like an SUV with van features.
I have had this vehicle for over 2 months now. It drives very well, handles curves great and the stabilitrak does wonders when you hit a puddle on the side of the road. Is rides real smooth, you hardly feel the usual bumbps in the road. The standard DVD player is worth every penny as it keeps the kids quiet. Mine is a XLT with convience package so the rear assist has saved us from backing into stuff. The wife likes the hands free phone/on star feature, she can make calls with out fumbling with a cell phone. Have not had any problems with this vehicle as of yet. It drives well, gets good gas mileage and is exactly what we were looking for, a nive van for the family. 
We as a family really liked the Chevrolet Uplander. It has a really good look outside and inside. The van gave us no trouble except a power door that ran for a extra few seconds, a minor thing. The dealer could not fix we just put up with it . If you're looking for a stylish van with nice preformance get one! And if you need extra room get the EXT it helps a lot! But if you're looking for a van that's a little more useable look at the Honda. It has the seats that fold in the floor. The Uplander sort of has it but not as effective. I worked with all 3 vans and my fav is still the Yplander. I think next van from Chevrolet should be more thought out!
Just purchased this vehicle. Drove 2000 miles to FL, and was overall very well satisfied. Fuel econonomy 25- 26, with full load of luggage and 4 adult pass. Ride was very comfortable, better than the Camry I prev. owned. Only complaints were, needed longer armrest for passenger side up front. Arm rest for drivers side OK. Difficulty trying to get in 3rd row seating. Liked the exterior design which was not the typical minivan look. Don't know why this van hasn't been given a better review from the experts, based on my experience so far.
My wife and I did a full research about this segment. It's true other cars, especially Japanese, have great "expert reviews", but how can you trust a website that its endorsed and have ads of this cars? After checking included accesories and of course prices, and asking real people about their experiences, we decide it for the Uplander, obviously the intention for this car it's to be used as a familiy car and to enjoy it on long trips. The day after we purchased the Uplander, (by the way Red its the best color), we made a 400 miles trip, 2 adults, 2 kids and a lot of luggage.Great ride not a problem, in general terms it's a great car, nice power a lot of safety features and full equipment.
Having minivans for the last 8yrs, this one is just another in a long line of vans. So far though we like the ride with larger wheels it feels smoother and quieter. With the dvd in the middle the driver no longer has control of the machine and that is good, not such a distraction. The only thing we would like to have is a power tailgate, which chevy does not offer. The lighter color looks nice, but shows dirt more, and will need washed more often. We have captains chairs in the middle, which are fixed not removeable, the jury is still out on this, as we haven't had to remove them or not yet. Our last van we took them out once in 4yrs. Overall we are happy with our new van.
In spite of some less than glowing reviews by the experts I noted that consumers seemed to be quite impressed with this unit. I purchased it just before Xmas so made a 500 mile trip to Northern Sask to break it in. My wife and I were impressed with the ride, it felt more like a caddy. I set the cruise at 130 most of the time and it just purred along. I work summers in construction so require a more SUV type vehicle as well. I believe that I got this vehicle for much less cost than any Asian brand so highly rated. It has a 3.9 V6, ABS, remote start, tinted windows, 160,000 Powertrain warranty, OnStar, free road assistance, power windows and locks at a cost of $22,000. 
The new standard engine has a lot more power to it, worth the small loss of mileage, which still is good for a minivan. A lot of space, 120 cu ft of cargo with seats down. Comfort is excellent, and safety looks to be very good a 5 stars (frontal) and 4 stars (Side) They don't sell well so you can get a great price,under 20,000 with 4 wheel antilock DISC brakes standard.
Greatest van I've ever driven. The comfort of the seats is awesome. The van handles just like a car. In fact, sometimes you really forget it's a van. It's a smooth ride whether in sunshine, or the rain. Traction is great. Great seats, supports the back, comfort for long legs, and it is just right. Great if one has kids, or just alone, and carry a lot of things. You don't even notice the things that you carry because of the roominess of the van. I love it, and will get another one when it is time to trade in if it is just as comfortable, and has the assets that this one has.
I have had my 300C since Nov 2007. Now just in the last 6 weeks I have twice run out of gas with my gas gauge showing 1/4 of a tank. I will be taking my car to the dealer this Friday.
I have had my 300 for the past two years. Traded in my Chevy Tahoe for this car. So far my car has had both fuel tank problems. The parts were very hard to find, and Chrysler Inc did not want to take any responsibility. Chrysler personnel have very poor customer skills and a very poor customer service both at the dealer and at the manufacturer. Car has run out of gas several times with the fuel gauge showing over 1/4 of a tank. Dealer and Manufacturer have seen nothing wrong and released this car to me. I have ran out of gas in this vehicle at least 5 times, and sometimes on the freeway. The support for this car is horrible.
I couldn't have designed or built a better car if I did it myself. I usually buy a top of the line car with all the do-dads. Because of the economy, I thought I'd better scale down and buy something less expensive. I did, and man am I surprised! I thought I was skimping, but got one of the best cars I've ever owned. I honestly can't find ONE thing to complain about. It's quiet, roomy, comfortable, fast, exceptionally impressive and economical. You can take it to Home Depot, load the trunk with no problem. Take it to the country club later and park it with the big boys! .. all for the price of a Honda. I'm totally happy with it. 
I love my chrysler 300. It is boss! I love it beside any other car on the road! I've wanted a 300 since the first body style but when this one came out WHAT!! I knew it was mine it took 2 years to get the price I wanted but it was worth the wait! I'm a woman who loves cars. My 300 is red with 18 inch factory chysler chrome wheels with other chrome additions Hot!!! Hey and I look pretty good driving it. It is a dream come true and the ride is smooth! I've had several honda's love them but this is my baby! Thumbs up to Chrysler for making this sharp hot car!
I love my RED CHRYSLER 300! I've love the 300 series before this style ever came out in 2005. Ive had 3 Honda Accords and I loved them. But this is the love of my life as far as car's go. I smile every time I get in it to drive! 
I bought a 2000 300m new, and loved it for 6 years. Picked up the 2007 Touring (ex-Rental) for 14K at a local GM dealer, added chrome 18" 300c wheels and Goodyear Eagle Response Edge tires. What a difference! It now handles like my old 300m which had a 'performance/handling package'. Same 3.5L V6 moves it around pretty well, and gets 27 mpg highway. I drive windy mountain roads daily, and use the auto-stick to keep it in 3rd up to 45mph. On the hwy, it slips into 5th, and just flat cruises. RWD took some time to adjust to, but handles well. The stock stereo sounds almost as good as the old 300m. The aux jack connects to an MP3 player or ??. GSM replaces compass/computer.
This is my second 300C, after trading in a 2005 RWD. The first one was an early build, first model year and it had several small annoyances, some of which were fixed under warranty. The 2007 has been problem-free. AWD is great in a car like this, you can take off in any weather with no wheel hop; not that RWD was unusable in snow, but the OEM Continental tires that wore out in 10K miles were the real culprit. Your mileage may vary, but it can honestly get 25mpg with the car loaded and the A/C on in hilly terrain.
This is one of the most classically designed reasonably priced vehicles on the road today. Chrysler 300C needs about a 30% Improvement in interior & rear traction Imperfections to be the best model on the market, in its category. Most serious problem with Model 300C Non-Four Wheel Drive is a "Serious Lack of Rear Traction, in Snow".
This car has been fantastic. Can't complain about anything. Even the gas mileage for a 425 hp car is above average. I can get 23 mpg on the freeway on long trips. I am 6'8'' and 300 lbs and this is the first car that I have owned that an adult can actually sit behind me while I am driving. If you are looking for a fun, fast, family car that competes with the Germans, take a look at this one.
I have been looking for a great deal on the 300 since they came out. Got a smoking deal on a 2007 Dealer car: 6300 miles, 5 speed auto stick (unavailable on the newer 3.5 models), leather, sun roof. Traded in a 2004 Liberty due to the gas mileage. I have just got the 300 and I've averaged 25 MPG! Great for a large car. Golf clubs and three wheel cart fits easily in the trunk. The cruise control is in an odd spot, and the drivers window is the only one with one touch down (Liberty had both front windows one touch down). Ride is excellent, and I am looking forward to a long, happy, and satisfying relationship.
The only major complaint I would have with the Chrysler 300 is the "thunk" you feel when you slowly take off from a light and you hear a hard thunk (as though someone has hit you from the rear). The "thunk" sound also occurs when you are trying to reverse the vehicle. The Salesman along with Chrysler repair man says that Chrysler is aware of the "thunk" sound and that is has something to do with the "Tranny" and since the car has 3 computerized components, each components has different functions and they are playing catch up to each other when you hear that slight thunk. 
I love driving my 300C AWD. I traded in my 2006 Charger Daytona in Go- Mango. I loved that car, and what a head turner it was! I traded for a Jeep commander Limited, which I just could not get used to. I prefer a car and the Jeep was so big and was a real gas guzzler with the HEMI. I traded after 6 weeks for a Chrysler 300C AWD that is completely loaded, including Nav. and backseat DVD, which my 7 yr.old grandson loved on a recent 650 mile road trip. This is a remarkable vehicle. The 300C in infernal red is also a head turner, but more sedate than the Daytona. I think it is more comfortable than the Charger, and while not the R/T it still has lots of power, and that great HEMI sound.
I love this car!! First American made car that I have purchased in quite some time. Love the looks, style, and performance. Everybody stops to look and is very impressed by the appearance. Love the roomy interior, large trunk space, and all the other features including automatic remote start, blue tooth technology, heated seats, etc. Great classy car!!
This is probably the finest car I've ever owned. I have owned Cadillac, big Buicks, several Pontiacs, and this one tops them all. I traded a Dodge Ram 1500 Quad Cab (HEMI) because of gas mileage, and I am very happy I did. The mileage has been averaging in the mid-20's with the 3.5 L HO engine on a 35 mile one-way daily commute. Plenty of power, and good mileage too. Best of both worlds. The car rides and handles great, a true road car, but nimble around town as well. Lots of room inside and creature comforts galore. I absolutely love it!
Absolutely love the car. You can't beat the value here. Where else, besides the other SRT8s, can you get a 425hp motor, race tuned suspension and Brembos for around $40k? Nowhere! Exterior styling isn't my favorite, but it gets tons of compliments. Interior is well laid out, other then the cruise control stalk, but material quality could be better. As far as performance goes, this car easily keeps up with the German performance sedans and annihilates the American and Japanese ones. That goes for acceleration, which goes without saying, but also handling, where the SRT8 puts up handling numbers, comparable to the M5, and that shame cars such as the E55 and STS-V. Very impressive.
It is a really nice car I have enjoyed driving it but I need better gas mileage because I drive 82 miles a day to work and cannot afford the gas prices.
I've been admiring the 300C since its debut in 2005, and finally went out and bought one; a 2007 300C SRT Design model. The SRT Design shares some of the appearance cues of the SRT8, such as 20" wheels, trunk-mounted spoiler, suede seat inserts and leather-wrapped steering wheel, but has the smaller 5.7 liter hemi. My fuel economy fluctuates between 18 and 20 mpg with mixed highway/city driving, which is better than the V6-powered Isuzu SUV that this car replaced, so I have no complaints about the fuel consumption. The car is comfortable, quiet, stylish, fast, and is very well equipped, plus has a lifetime powertrain warranty; a lot of car for the money. I highly recommend this car!
I bought this car after admiring it for a couple of years. I have had no regrets! I love it. Everyone compliments its looks and if I were to ever let anyone else drive it (which I won't) they would love the speed and handling. It is always first out at the stoplight!
My 300 is a great car for me and I am very happy I decided on this over some others. I looked at foreign and domestic cars in this class but ultimately chose the 300, with the price the final decider. I am very satisfied with the 3.5 V6, and the mpg savings over the hemi makes it a worthwhile choice for me. It is very roomy and comfortable. Pleasure to drive, not a sports car but fun. Extremely quiet inside even at 85 mph. At first I was afraid the "chopped" look meant poor visibility but not the case. My former car was an Aurora and I miss its oomph but I don't miss the low mpg, high maintenance cost and amenities that were an annoyance at times. 
I love the car overall - lots of compliments on the 'tough' look of the car. Color, pearl, is beautiful!!
the gas mileage needs to be better then 14/21 with the v6 -- to much wind noise
I dreamt about owning this car and I was finally able to buy it and I bought it right off the lot with only 60 miles on it and i have loved every minute of it. I get people staring at it all the time and complimenting me on how nice of a car it is and it makes me feel good. I love it!!! It was everything I thought it would be.
Coming out of a 00 Jag XJ8 brought a little concern w/No regrets. The interior room is much welcome (5 adults comfortably) along with nice size trunk. Fit & Finish is not the same. American manufactures do not understand that they need to offer less options. Offer 2 or 3 packages. The performance is better except for steering. Quiet & Comfortable ride + price= Five Stars. You will not find a nicer car for the money along with lifetime warranty.
I had owned 4 new Cadillacs before buying the 300 and it's every bit as good a car for about $10,000 less but with a little more "punch" but not quite the mileage (with the Hemi). I hope the new owners of Chrysler keep it up... I'll buy another!
I really like to drive this car. It handles the road exceptionally well. The gas mileage is very good.
Yes, after doing lots of seat time at the computer and stopping at all the local dealers in the Houston area to get information and a hands on experience of what is being offered to the motoring public I chose the Chrysler 300 Touring package above the GM, Ford and Japanese offerings. Chrysler, with the input of the Daimler group have seem to have struck an accord of styling, performance, and affordability that the competition could not match. Not only is the bold styling a hit, the exterior/interior color combinations available wonderful, the vehicles actually look good in the colors offered. Don't pass up the opportunity to compare and see the real value of the 300 marque. 
Bought Heritege Edition for the looks Promises are bad news. I get 11 MPG. Too expensive to go for a drive. I paid over $40,000 cash for my husbands dream car. This black beauty should have alot more goodies. 
I have been driving a Lexus LS400 for 8 years. From the moment I sat behind the wheel of this vehicle and stepped on the accelerator I was hooked. On the highway the power and acceleration is awesome. The ride is as smooth and quiet as my Lexus. It even handles turns well. The dash is contemporary yet classic. I love the analog clock. My car came with Sirius for one year as an extra bonus. No nav or sunroof. I never used the sunroof on my Lex. Otherwise evrything else loaded (leather, heated seats, auto telescoping steering wheel, premium speakers. Just a great package. I also drove the V6 3.5. The road feel was similar. There is a big drop off in power and acceleration.
This car was a gift & is a gift to anyone who owns one. It drives like no other car I've been in, I have fallen in love with this car. It's smooth almost gliding over the road and handles effortlessly. I find myself driving most every weekend and taking the backroads with the top down & listening to crystal crisp music surrounding me. Whoever's with me can't stop admiring "Ben", my 300C Hemi Convertible. However it doesn't stop there, I get stares, comments, questions or a smiling acknowledgement from people all the time. Strange at first, but nice and now it's a pleasant way to talk to people. PS I wished for a 4 door convertible for my anniversary
Driving is smooth, yet powerful. Style is great and definite a head turner. Extremely comfortable on the road. The Boston acoustic system is phenomenal, very comparable to Bose system. So many options to chose from. Added moonroof, built in dvd console, mp3 player, opted out on navigation system. Best purchase ever. 
From the first minute you can feel the Benz quality buried in the architecture of the car. Twenty or thirty years from now, the turn of the 21st century will be known as the era when Hemi 300's and Chargers ruled the roads. You can not buy a better car for the money, the closest thing I would trade mine for is a 7 series BMW.
Great looking car. We looked at Lexus IS and Cadillac CTS, and this was the biggest car of the three. This car looks and feels very luxious. Although its not a Bentley is looks like one from the front!
What a car is all I can say. My wife loves the car. I got the 18 inch wheels and I cannot believe how a big car handles. I opened it up on a empty highway for the first time yesterday and at 110 m.p.h. it was like a Lexus; no noise and hugged the road terrific. If you put a Lexus badge on this car, you could easily double the price. Best car for the money!!!!!
This is the best company car I've ever had. I selected it because I had read that components like the transmission and suspension were sourced from the Mercedes 300. Whether this is true or not I can honestly say that the suspension is firm yet compliant like a Mercedes (I owned 260E in the late 80's) and the transmission has been flawless. The autostick is more fun then an regular automatic and the 250 HP six gets up and goes. Plenty of room inside - I'm 6'3 250lb - interior is stark but functional. Stereo is above average for out-of-the-box US car. Wish it had 18 or 19 inch wheels but I can live without them. I am pleasantly surprised with this car. Audi A8=10; this is a solid 8!
Great looking car, fun to drive when it's not in the shop. Motor blew up with about eight thousand miles. It took an entire month to have the motor replaced. When we got the car back the new motor was missing an oil plug and had to go back to the shop again. The window motors have broken, a brake seal failed and leaked brake fluid all over the garage. Glad we werent driving when that happened. 
There is no other car out there with these looks, V8-performance, a solid structure that can beat what you get for $38,000. I've owned Mercedes, BMW, and other Chryslers and the value you get with the 300C cannot be beat. It feels as solid as a Mercedes and the interior is the best an american company has put together so far. 
The finest car I have ever purchased. The comfort, performance and styling is perfect. Fuel economy is great and the car is a joy to drive.
I've only driven my 300C for 3 weeks, but it's lived up to the great reviews I had read prior to choosing it. It feels very solid and surprisingly response for it's size and weight. The fit and finish is as good as I've seen on any American-made car. This car is exceptionally designed inside and out and I'd challenge anyone to try it and tell me that it doesn't rival cars costing much more in both performance and appearance. The multi-displacement engine, so far, is getting better mileage than I expected. I previously owned a 2004 Concorde, which I liked, but this is a much higher level of luxury.
Very fun car to drive. Lots of power even in the 3.5. Great stereo. I listen at 25/35 and the windows and mirrors are shaking. Fuel economy was a pleasant surprise as I'm getting 20- 21 mph and thats mostly in traffic. Because the windows are smaller there are some blind spots and its hard to reach the ATM. I'm 6'2' 230 and I'm swimming with room. Seats recline almost flat.
This is the second 300C purchased. It is a great overall vehicle with outstanding performance and receive many compliments
This car is by far the most pwerful one and most fun that I have ever driven. It acellerates so powerfully that it allows me to be able to change lanes safely and efficiently. It is a joy to drive.
I just purchased the Chrysler 300C last week!I love it, it drives & rides incredibly smooth and quiet. The only noise I hear is a little wind when the sun roof is open, but it's totally worth it! I traded in a Dodge Ram 1500 Quad Cab and I am so pleased with this car, I can't say enough about it, the inside is very roomy & comfortable. My husband is 6'3" and approx 200 lbs and he is very comfortable in the car and not cramped at all! The programming features are fantastic, once you set everything up to your specifics it is all saved and linked to the remote for the car! The back seats pull down and open to the trunk, so you have lots of trunk room if you need it. The satellite radio is great
This is a pretty solid car. You can tell once you slam the door and start it up. Very stable performer. Fuel economy about 18 MPG. This car has some ponies under the hood. This car was loaded with all available options. Handles great! Only one problem - had PO430 emission code pop up once at 1,100 miles. Checked pending codes and reset. Code has not returned. I suspect it is due to break in issues. This is a very fun car to drive, and very comfortable. The Nav system works great, and the upgraded stereo system is awesome. This was worth the 43K I paid for the car. I suggest if you buy this one, get all of the options including the Hemi. You will not be disappointed.
Cupholder location is poorly designed, difficult to "learn" the switches. Auto lights should come on with wipers on intermittent not just full speed. My driver's side door will not stay open. Tired of getting beaten up every time I get in or out of vehicle. Comfort A++, eye catching A++++.
I love this car more than my boyfriend! i bought it after i traded my wrangler in, which i also loved, but the car is wonderful. It is like heaven on earth!
Mine's the Diesel but it's not available in the drop down. However, excellent bit of kit, dealer is also very good. Just bought it 2 months ago, got 36 MPG on a long run - never had a 3 liter car return this sort of consumption. Massive 'A; pillars take some getting used to as does the length. a rear view camera would be very useful as the parking sensors don't seem to take much notice of anything not dead in line. Nice to be back in a car that other drivers respect (i.e. they move over when you come up behind them). Power to spare, still 'running in' but will do a ton at less than 3000 revs (on a private track of course).
The bis 6 was great. Fine handling,very good power, but my wife wasn't impressed with the leather seats, and I wanted the walnut WOOD trim with sunroof. There was what we both wanted in C model (v8) in the lot. Superb power and only 1 mpg less than the 3.5 six, so we bought the C< with an excellent price. Huge A pillars detract from driver's vision, but plenty of leg and headroom, front AND REAR. Steering wheel controls are confusing and will take a lot of patience to memorize. Extra stalks around steering column are ridiculous as is power control for tilt/telescope feature.
Great car to own. I wish that it got better mpg.The AWD is awesome for the MN winters. Great for me showing clients & their families homes!
390 ft lbs of torque make this car fun to drive. Touch the gas pedal at any speed, and the hemi responds instantly, Love the low roofline and the grille... This car is a great value for the money and has features of much higher priced luxury cars... The car has style,class,room, a nice quiet ride,performance and is fun to drive. People in parking lots stop to admire the car. I know that it is not PC to own a vehicle that has performance, but, for me, this is a trip back in time,, I remember the first Hemis... Deiter (Chrysler CEO) hit a home run with this car.
The exterior design, particularly in the inferno red color, is a real head turner. I am 6'1" and wear a fedora hat. I never had a car I could so high; what a joy. The power is unreal. This car had all the features & options that would have cost me much more in a "luxury" car.
Bought the first 300 in Nov. '06. At 429 miles I realized there were serious problems which the dealer said were not problems but normal driving. At 650 miles they finally replaced with a new car. At 449 miles it started doing the same thing the other had done. Took it in & the dealer said it was the Torque Converter and replaced that. Now it has a shimmy and bumps along the road. HATE THE CAR!
compared to my LHS this is a farce. the seats are hard. the a/c is weak. the trunk will carry mini bags. 2 golf bags and it is full. the fuel rating is not true it is horrible. have owned LHS 2 models and other chrysler models since 70's this is really a sad car. looks good from the outside but that is where is where I say it ends. 
The car drives well and my 250 HP engine performs good. Vehicle is very roomy. Rear visibility is not terrific. The vehicle is quiet and comfortable. The power gives a real sense of confidence on the road when the need to accelerate quickly. 
I leased a 2007 300C AWD after coming off a two year lease on a 2005 Cadillac STS. Best move I ever made. The design, in Inferno Red, is a real head turner. The power and interior comfort can't be matched. With the options I took, I have very feature I could want, at an unbelievable low price.
My wife and I just returned or our 2003 BMW-X5 after lease just ended. The Chrysler 300 is such a great car for the cost. I can almost say I like it more than the X-5 and its half the price. Don't figure! Hope this helps. We like it a lot!
This is by far the best cat I have ever driven. I had a 04 Lexus ES that was always having problems. I love this car
The vehicle is a beautiful car and I have received numerous compliments from young and older people both. The car drives well and my 250 HP engine performs good. Vehicle is very roomy. Visibility is not terrific but with time and extra effort you learn the blind spots and how to compensate & can drive safely and with ease. The vehicle is quiet and comfortable. The power heated mirrors are really nice. I like having the Electronic Stability and Anti-lock 4-wheel disc brakes.
This car is fun to drive and for the money I don't see how you can beat the ride, handling and performance of this car. Good Job Chrysler
I love my new 300c from it's classy looks to it's wonderful ride. The power gives a real sense of confidence on the road when the need to accelerate quickly presents itself. The interior is so comfortable. I love all the automatic features you can set such as the headlights and the wipers. The navigation system is great. The Boston Acoustic sound system has high quality sound. After driving SUVs for 10 years, I was concerned I would feel cramped in a sedan. Not so in the 300, the interior is quite roomy and there is lots of leg room. The trunk is quite spacious as well. 
My 300 Touring is a dream car for comfort and styling. The navigation system is a farce. I have a 250 Garmin handheld that is far superior to the $1800 for the navigation system. Alpine is not interested in working to improve or upgrade a very antiquated program disc. I have about 1900 miles on my vehicle and have been getting about 25 on the interstate. Ride is wonderful. Cruise control lever could be changed. Easy to hit it versus the turn signal. Sound system is outstanding. Styling is fantastic. Overall I am very please except for the navigation system.
I had to get this car because my company went to company cars. I was driving an 05 Acura TSX. The 300 that I have has the ABS and the side curtain air bags. The base motor is just not powerful enough. I would have preferred the 3.5 motor, but it was not an option.
I purchased an Inferno Red 07 300C on August 31st and it a dream. It drives beautifully, and rides just as nice. I got it almsot fully optioned accept for U-Connect and the Rear DVD system. I traded in an 04 PT Turbo and while I was satisfied with that, I am truly satisfied with the 300C. Thank you Chrysler for making such a good product. 
I really like the style and comfort. It is especially nice when compared to the competition and how much more their vehicles are. This tows more than almost any other SUV and the gas mileage isn't great but it's good for an SUV. It does better than my wife's Jeep Commander with the 4.7l V-8. And it does almost as well with mpg on the highway as my wife's old 2005 mini van. This is a great vehicle for the price and has been extremely reliable.
This vehicle drives like a dream SUV. I am very impressed with the interior and exterior components along with the overall smooth ride and drive. 
I definately would give give this SUV a FIVE-STAR. It is such a great vehicle to drive. It's reliable, classy, and fun. All the kids and their friends fit in just fine. When it's just the adults, it's certainly a nice ride. I compare it to the other SUV's out their, and this one tops them all, especially the for the price you pay. Chrysler did good, just wish you were continuing to make them. My lease is coming up and I now want a HEMI. Oh, what's a girl to do!!!
Oh I do love this car! Overall best car I have owned, my 11th new car. I'm retired now and don't drive a lot anymore so mpg not an issuse for me, but I had back surgery and my Durango was very uncomfotable after that. The wife said "do not bring home a white car" so this vanilla color bailed me out! I average 14 mpg around town, my first Hemi got 8 and, I like having the accelleration getting onto the expressway and passing. My adult kids call it dad's pimp mobile. 
I got mine with 2 miles on it pay cash for it . And it was the best thing that I have gotta in yrs, I get good gas and I love to take trips in it. It's got good room in the back sit for big footed kids. I have the dvd in it too. My little kids love it. And I don't have to worried anyone be happy on the rd now days. It's good for people that have 4 or more kids 
We love our Aspen, it handles well and the bells and whistles are awesome. We haven't had any malfunctions to speak of, although my husband has noticed something strange at the pumps, he often fills up when the needle is on E, and as he fills the tank he expects the gallons on the pump to match what he knows the tank should hold, the numbers come close to matching. It's as if there's a few unrecorded gallons left in his tank (but it's a significant amt). The dealer has checked it out too, and no one can explain it. It's weird. Our one complaint, the rear seats are FIXED. They cannot be slid forward or backward by the occupant to accommodate a tall driver or someone in the 3rd row!
Just bought this car used. It drives just like a car. I have never owned an SUV but could not resist this one. It looks like any other luxury SUV without the price! We got ours for a steal at 22k. Loaded with DVD and great stereo! Has plenty of room for my two kids and all there stuff! 
Bought this as a left-over new 2007 after looking at a Pacifica, and glad that this is what I chose. Highway miles with the 5.7 Hemi are between 21 and 23 MPG. Keeping the tach under 2000 rpm helps a lot. Towing is no problem recently towed a 6 x 12 U-Haul trailer loaded and still got 14 mpg. Towing a boat is like it isn't there. Comfort is great, the ride and handling are excellent. Fit and finish are excellent. Even with gas going through the roof, I don't see me trading down.
We bought a used 07, All options, Hemi, Nav, Remote Start, everything. I bought it in Atlanta, GA I live in Roanoke, VA. Trip home was good. 455 miles and got 21.2 mpg on the Hemi MDS engine. No complaints on gas. A vehicle this size! That?s good. It could have been better I suppose but I was on and off the gas, since I had a new toy! It has a smooth ride, very quiet. The Hemi climbs the mountains effortlessly. I was going 80 mph up the mountains at only 2000 rpm. It gets a lot of looks. The 20? chromes really set it off. The third row seat access is by far the easiest out there. The lever on the second row seat is so simple. Get the Hemi with MDS. No use for the Flex fuel, No 85oc here.
One of these loaded is as nice as any luxury SUV on the market and costs thousands less. Great buy and have never been happier with a vehicle.
This is a great SUV. My first was a Ford Explorer. I loved it. However when switching between the two for the past 9 months showed me what a great ride the Aspen is. Very smooth. Didn't buy it for the mpg... But, it isn't very good. IF you drive really slow, even on highway, 20 mpg is best. If you have hills, wind, to pass, etc the mpg drops to 16 quick...
Got a great deal through warehouse club. Feel as though I have a vehicle as good or better looking than the majority of the SUVs only I paid much less. I get comments all the time on how nice the SUV looks. Roomy enough to haul just about anything and very comfortably seats people even in the third row.
This is an excellent SUV for the Price. The limited has all the features other similar SUVs have at a lower cost. Unfortunately the vehicle has been in the service department 4 times because the engine malfunction light comes on and causes the vehicle to have drivability issues. I have been to 2 different dealerships and nobody can find the cause of the issue which has caused a serious safety issue. Be cautious about buying this new model
Got the Hemi (MDS)... We love this vehicle. Does everything expected, well. Drives, handles, hauls... no complaints other than the gas mileage. But what large SUV gets good gas mileage. Very happy with this buy!
It rides like a dream, handles very well, and has all the power, with a K&N air charger- power all the more! Bottom line, it's comfy, stylish, responsive, quick and only costs around 32K, as we all know, you can't get an Acura for that, as if I'd want one after this gem! If you pass this up, go back to Uranus or whatever other planet that is in the deep cold of overcharging for the same vehicle that is everywhere, just slightly "Emblemed". I love it!
This SUV is fanatastic! I had an Expedition for a little while a couple of years ago but quickly traded it in because it felt and drove like a truck. The Aspen is a dream. I traded in my Pacifica which I loved for a little more room. Initially, I was worried about the ride but that was needless. It drives and feels like a car. 
Certainly fun to drive with an excellent ride. Feels like a heavier vehicle with tremendous power (Hemi). 18 inch wheels offer nice handling and smooth ride. Lots of compliments on looks. Installed satellite (Sirius) at dealer. $700 compared to $185 from factory; so get it from factory if can. At 6' 3", the door entry is small and seat is not wide for large behind. UConnect is awesome. Rear storage is small with 3rd row up. The lack of dual zone (driver/passenger) climate control is strange for vehicle that lists for $42,500; same comment for satellite. Interior is attractive, but leather is stiff. The small glove box on dash is annoying; center console is deep but awkward to access. 
This started out as a vehicle for the wife and kids, but I find myself behind the wheel more & more. Great look, feel, and handling for the price! Even the base model demands respect!
Wow, I am still having fun driving this beast after one year. I own a 5.7 hemi limited all equipped except for the NAV. I believed that all reviews are pretty accurate. However, I will comment on Canadian winter driving with lot of snows, freezing rains, icy conditions the driving is OK with the 20' tires but would strongly recommend winter tires but hard to find. This is my 1st year with winter tires and nothing can stop me. The 4 wheel drives is extremely precise and can not feel anything when all wheels are slipping. My wife, kids and I feel extremely safe in the vehicle. 
To set the record straight, I own a 5.7 HEMI Limited. I've driven most all the SUV's in its class and this one feels the lightest due to its power. The fit-and-finish comments I am reading just aren't true; the Chrysler interioir is on par with what you will find on the market. The fold-up second row seats are the easiest to use for my small wife.....use one hand and 2 clicks. My Jeep Commander, in contrast, is much harder. Styling is hit or miss but everyone looks at it and asks us about it because they have never seen one before and they all comment on how pretty it is. Bottomline is that it hauls, hauls all 4 of my daughters, wife loves the bells/whistles.....great buy!
My wife and I just bought the Aspen. This thing rocks. We got the HEMI, DVD, NAV, leather heated seats and so on. We bought this as a lease return and noticed the fuel is a little poor, but it is a big suv with lots of power. Everyone who has seen it has loved the interior and the exterior as well. Mention it has a HEMI and they say wow. The gas mileage is about 16 mpg in rush hour traffic, not to bad.
This SUV is the bomb. I get compliment after compliment on it. It's loaded and I feel rich driving it. It came with a lifetime powertrain warranty, however, I purchased the extended bumper to bumper warranty which is lifetime as well. Yes, I said lifetime bumber to bumper. What can I say, I have had past problems with American made vehicles. Although, I doubt it will give me as many problems as my Chevy Trailblazer and Buick Rendezvous. That Hemi just hums. You will be noticed and you can't beat the price-period. 
This is my second Hemi (1st was Dodge RAM truck which I also loved) and my 1st SUV. The Aspen is a total headturner. I constantly get asked about it. Love the ride and the J package rocks with the black metallic paint and leather interior. My husband can't stop raving about how comfortable the vehicle is and he does a lot of driving. Although he has to ask permission to drive my Aspen! Ordered all the options except DVD entertainment pkg. LED interior lights are great also.
The 5.7 engine is the engine of choice. I had the 4.7 engine in my 2005 Durango and it use to be weak on hi-way passing power, 4 cylinder engine cars would smoke me. Everything about this suv is premium, a steal loaded with all options, and still 20 grand less than Escalade(66,000). I can't believe the amount of compliments I get on it.
This is not a Dodge Durango- from the wood grain steering wheel to the leather heated 1st/2nd row seats you know this is from the flagship brand and not the step child Durango. Chrysler did an excellent job, quiet roomy interior, all the amenities, the back up sensor works great and is a must on a vehicle this size. Plus with 0% financing and lifetime warranty, there was no choice but to buy this!
Chrysler has an invisible winner in the Aspen. We selected the Aspen after testing the following SUVs: Tahoe, Escalade, Yukon, Navigator, Commander, and Sequoia. None of them came equipped with as many standard features as the Aspen for less money. The ride, fit & finish, performance and looks are standouts in the SUV crowd. The 5.7 Hemi has terrific performance and decent mileage if you keep your foot out of the throttle. It?s a shame Chrysler toss more advertising dollars at this vehicle to increase customer awareness. I?m constantly getting complements and questions at the gas station with this rig. 
This is not a pretend SUV, I have owned SUV's for 15 years and watched them become watered-down, shadows of themselves. In '02 got a new Suburban loved it, but GM has done nothing significant with style or powerplant. Chrysler has shown they can combine rugged performance and styling to come up with a vehicle that performs and is appealing to the eye. GM and Ford have allowed their large SUV's to become oafish by comparison. Their design teams just do not get it in my opinion. Europe and Japan aren't making anything comparable for under $70k.
From the very first moment you can feel the comfort and ease of handling. It almost drives itself, with a smooth ride and fast response. After driving it on a trip, how could you ever consider driving anything else. It's a keeper for me and when I am ready for a new vehicle it will be on the top of my list. Chrysler you did it again, great job as always.
Bought a Yukon Denali in March 07. Sold it 90 days later because I hated the 3rd row seats that had to be removed. To replace it, I test drove a Jeep Commander, Mercedes GL 450, Nissan Armada & Pathfinder, Infiniti QX56, Toyota 4Runner, Ford Explorer & Expedition, Acura MDX, etc.-all with fold flat 3rd rows. With 3 kids, I need separation on trips. The most accommodating vehicle in terms of comfort and functionality was the Expedition. 3rd row is comfortable even for adults. Steering is accurate and has good feel. Seats are fantastic. But V8 is weak! Jeep Commander (Hemi) was next and had more features than Aspen (i.e. rain sensing wipers), but interior was too tight. Aspen had same Hemi.
When I first saw this Truck I was impressed. People say it looks like a Durango need to look again!! This truck rocks. Drives as smooth as an ocean breeze. Picks up like a rocket and is better on highway gas than my 4 cyl car was! Its not as good city but not bad either. Plenty of room and better features than some of the supposedly "top of the line" trucks. Chrysler has truly outdone themselves on this one! People are sleeping on this truck but that's okay. I dont mind being the only head turner in town 
Traded up in the right direction. This vehicle is a far cry from the Import. Great vehicle, good performer and looks great inside and out. Little fit problems with the doors and hood, other than that it's so far the best SUV I have driven.
One word: phenomenal. The second I saw a printed ad of this vehicle, I told my wife "that's it." We'd been shopping for 12-18 months. I rented one on a business trip and immediately began visiting dealerships upon returning. Bought one used, saved thousands, couldn't be happier. Were leaning toward a 2007 Yukon/Tahoe, but their 3rd seat has to be lifted out, doesn't mostly fold into floor like the Aspen. Ridiculous. I'm an older Gen X'er and I still get told "sweet ride" by the younger crowd. My kids are thrilled, wife hauls the groceries seemlessly, and I just punch the Hemi when hauling our boat. Superb vehicle. This is the sleeper SUV no one's talking about.
When driving this vehicle you get a sense mof comfort and exictment. this is truly the chrysler 300 of the large suv segment. WE purchased this vehicle because of its looks and because we have not seen to many of this car.The people that think that the aspen is a redesigned Durango need to look twice. The only similarity is the platform that both sit on.
Love the power. Starts very quickly. Brakes were a little soft at the beginning until I backed down a hill at 10 mph and applied the brakes. Sound system is awesome. Drives very tight and responsive.
I bought this SUV after falling in love with one that my sister has. It is worth a test-drive so that you can erase the stereotypes about Chrysler/Dodge. Both the exterior and interior are superb, and it seems as if they have practical engineers on the job who designed the car for everyday cost-consciuos people who want an SUV to envy! The features in the Aspen make it worth way more than its cost. The features rival those of pricier car-makers but with a no-frills price. As a VP in marketing, I believe the Aspen was created to boost Chrysler's SUV appeal, so they put all these top features as a repositioning campaign and more folks need to discover the secret.
First family SUV, and loving it. Throaty Hemi likes to drink though. I do a lot of city driving, and looks like I am still getting around 17mpg. Specs say 27 gal tank. I seem to only be able to get 20 in it! 
I transitioned to Chrysler several years ago via several company cars and manufacturers failed to live up to the design and quality I was experiencing with Chrysler. Well, once again Chrysler has done it! I have the 28J package in the Pearl Black and have already received several positive comments about the look. It drives flawlessly and there is plenty of room to fit my 6'5" frame along with the rest of the family. The interior design is quality, leaps and bounds above the competition in addition to the 20 inch wheels along with Hemi put the Escalade, Navigator, and Denali series to shame. Chrylser needs to advertise more and get the word out they have a winner!
Couldn't care less about the Durango and was apprehensive to consider the ASPEN because I thought it was a Durango derivative. Well I was wrong! The ASPEN is a new design that is very well executed. Good fit & finish with nice responsive but comfortable handling. Bought the Limited with Hemi and all options. This car rocks!
Wow! Nice to see an American Made SUV of such high quality. Quality is evident everywhere - from the wood steering wheel, to the super comfortable leather. WE LOVE IT! The stability control feature works like a wonder driving in a Snow storm. The HEMI engine is much more powerful than the Sequoia we drive, and the vehicle feels more substantial. We loved the Five Star treatment at the dealership. So friendly and helpful! This is our First Chrysler - but I'm thinking it won't be the last! Good Job Chrysler!
Couldn't ask for a more comfortable car to drive. Love everything about it. Wonderful for kids. Even though it looks a little like a Durango....I get asked all the time how I like it and told that it sure is a beautiful vehicle. As a side point..a Lexus backed into the bumper, my damage was 800.00 his was 4,000.00. I'd say it's pretty sturdy. To bad the Lexus didn't have rear sensors like my Aspen does. Could have saved an insurance claim. 
my wife chose it over durango for styling. The hemi with mds works well all around. 
Chose this vehicle over Tahoe and Jeep Commander. Plenty of room for six adults. Handles very well. Excellent fit and finish. Bought with the HEMI.
It has the looks, comfort, & amenities of a SUV priced thousands more. The third row has enough room for adults. It has the power to pull my boat & it fits in the garage.
I am so happy that I purchased the aspen, it is a fun, stable and beautiful vehicle and I am really enjoying it
Rented for the Thanksgiving week, drove about 1200 miles round trip. Before driving: A very executive, commanding looking SUV. Smart and simply elegant interior design, most everything intuitive. Driver position very nice and adjustable. Lots of nice controls on the wheel. Driving: Be easy on the gas because despite its size, this SUV will put you in the back of your seat and keep you there through the smooth shifts. Tires and shocks smooth away most jars yet you maintain a nice feel for the road. Road is nicely illuminated with the foglight combo. Aspen makes the long haul trip easy, in town driving very manageable but keep your gas card at the ready and plenty of braking room.
Purchased last month and paid 4,000 off sticker. Great ride and cornering. I tow a snowmobile trailer and it tugs it like you don't know what's behind you. I pack in 8 adults and threw the kids in it yesterday at school. What a great all-round suv built by Daimler Chrysler!
Wonderful ride quality at an exceptionally good price. Good equipment level and nice finishing touches. The ride is positive, comfortable and at all times you feel under control, despite the large size. Build appears solid and have not noted any drifting at sharper turns. 
Just sold Chrysler 300C HEMI and am so happy with the Aspen HEMI. Exact combination of 300C, Pacifica and Crossfire that I was craving. Aspen drives so smoothly, great acceleration and thrust -- HEMI is the perfect engine for this SUV.
Has the look of a Pacifica with the room of a suv. Design similarities like the ribbed hood have crossed over from the crossfire. Handles well not sluggish and does not wallow like some big suv's. Will tow my boat as well as haul my kids their friends and the dogs. Am very happy with it.
Have had about two months but having fun. I really like the looks and the usual response I get is "nice car!" I have not driven many sports cars but this one is fun to drive! You have to be in reasonable physical shape to get in and out. Mom don't fit... I immediately got an extended warranty and Xylon(sp?) coating from a Chrysler dealership. Hopefully it will prove a dependable car for a long time as I tend to keep cars for 10years or so. The downside is the "american car rapid depreciation", premium gas and the 8.5 qts synthetic oil every 3K miles. As for now, no regrets!
I've always wanted a roadster but didn't want used and couldn't justify the price of new until now. These cars are a real value if you can still find them new. The car runs and handles very well. It also rides very well for a roadster, is extremely solid, and has very good fit and finish. Hopefully it will be reliable but it also has lifetime, unlimited milage drivetrain warranty and I purchased lifetime, unlimited milage wrap around Chrysler warranty for additional $1,200 with a $100.00 deductable. Peace of mind for major repairs if you plan on keeping the car long term as I do. The car looks great and is just a lot of fun. Only comes out on nice days. A real keeper.
I love: 1. That I can smoke those little Mitsubishi's and VW's at redlights, 2. that I can consistantly get 26-27MPG when driving 80-90 on the highway, 3. that I can put the top down without getting out of the car, 4. that I can take corners at 80 that my Jeep can only take at 50-60, 5. that my wife can't pack 400lbs of clothes when we go on a trip & she is OK with that. Most Importantly, I love that after almost 2 years, I still get excited just looking at it. I my wife and I had to choose between each other or the car, we'd both take the car and I love my wife of 28 years.
I bought this car at one of my company's auctions. It has been a great car. Very fun to drive. Edmunds talks about the lack of power. But this car really has plenty of pep. The car is solid compared to the Solstice and Sky models. In addition, the car has far more features than the GM and most of the other import convertibles. You can't beat the price of a used Crossfire. Bang for the buck, it is the best two seater on the market.
Only had my 2007 Roadster a few months now but it's been a blast to drive, holds the road like glue and very good power. I have the auto with paddle shifter and like it very much, much better than clunky stick and clutch. Only one small problem, I get battery rundown occasionly when I leave the interior lights on auto. Not sure whats going on there, have to get it in before the warranty exp. Other than that, no probelems and a very good value with the big discounts being offered. Purchased for $19M with 6000 miles. 
A highly under rated car by many people simply because of the Chrysler name. This car handles very well in the curves and with the auto shifter, it's very easy to downshift when needed. Average MPG is 25 highway mostly. This is my daily driver, but stock tires (Conti's) are not good on any snow, wet driving is good; you'll need better tires if driving in winter conditions;rims are staggered but you can go with staggered tires if you can find the right ones. Costs for avg buyers to think about - high profile tires, premium fuel, 100% synthetic oil (only change every 7k). Overall, this car is worth the money and I'd say undervalued. 
I bought my '07 limited for $19k with 2000 miles in April 2008. I like it because it is a great balance between comfort and performance, and for the money I didn't consider anything else. It is fun to drive, good on gas, maneuverable and relatively quick. I am 6'2" and fit comfortably in it, the seats are supportive yet the matte orangy-brown leather is soft on the back. I drove the car on a 4 hour trip through NYC traffic and was comfortable the whole time. I could not imagine having the car automatic, but don't get along with the shifter sometimes. 
I bought the base model to get the 6 speed manual because I was told it wasn't available on the srt model so I bought this and priced adding a stock supercharger and its around $11,000 they definitely could have pushed more horsepower out of that six just look at Hondas S2000 4 cylinders no turbo or supercharger and pushes more power, less weight, cheaper price, and a quicker 0-60, and last it also handles better. Crossfire does have much nicer interior and convertible top is all automatic.
This has always been a car that my wife and I have admired. Now that we own one we are not dissapointed. Great acceleration and road holding.Jjust an all round great vehicle and fun to drive
I replaced the wiper blades . The original were hard and did not clear in rain. The inside of the inside door pull had burs and was replaced.No other problems. These problems were corrected by Chysler without charge.This car hangs on curves and the road like glue. A great sport car. I have had 5 Corvette's and this Crossfire is as much fun to drive. It is all German except the skin. The crafsmanship is top of the line of most sports cars. I have had many complements on the looks of the car. You will have to drive it to appreciate it. Rumers are that the production will stop after 08 so this car will be a classic. 
Had the car for one year and I droved 4000 miles since new. It is a keeper, smooth ride with the top down. It is the best convertible two seater I've ever driven. Had BMW before and again, this is a keeper. Enjoy your ride for those that own a Crossfire. 
I've always thought the Crossfire is a great looking car with very good performance and handling. However, the complete lack of lumbar support, somewhat cramped interior ( I'm 6', 200 lbs ), lack of cup holders, other than 1 pop up, which doesn't work, kept me from buying. However, now that Chrysler is selling them at $12,000+ off msrp/sticker, the deal was too good to pass up. These cars are very high quality at a bargain price. :)
'07 Limited Coupe, 6 speed. For $23K brand new OTD (12/5/07)....I choose it over the MS3s I'd tested. Lifetime warranty on the Mercedes powertrain, This was the bargain of a lifetime! Handles fantastic, after 300 miles appears to get >21 MPG driven hard. Great midrange & higher lateral Gs than MS3. Had $36K sticker.....nothing even close to it for $23K.
The car has been an eye turner from day one. Chrysler did an over-the-top job in building it. I have more people coment on it. Fast, sporty great looking/sexy. Look into it, you won't regret it.
i purchased my pacifica from carmax in raleigh and it has been nothing but trouble. i purchased it on 16 aug 09 and it has been in the shop 4 times and this last time they still don't know what's wrong with it. each time i took it to be repaired the techs kept telling me the noises were normal. it took the sup of service to ride with me to tell them the noises weren't normal. the car has been with them more than with me. maybe they should be making the payment. 
Just purchased a Base Pacifica, I am a traveling sales representative. It is nice to have room for samples and golf clubs. I put over 1,000 miles my first week and so far I like it. I hope it proves to be a reliable vehicle. The only complaint thus far is the large blind spots but the big mirrors help a little. William
Purchased the Pacifica used with 5,900 miles on it. Nothing but trouble. We owned two 05's and they were good one great one fair. We liked the car. THEN the tyranny started bucking (Would not down shift when going up an incline, (Not fixed we were told this is a problem with the Pacifica. Motor mounts four sets in 20,000 miles. The dealer says this is normal and a better mount has not been designed because the Pacifica has been discontinued. Good luck when the warranty is up. The trim has (all but three pieces) has been replaced and is spotting again. The driver?s seat shreds the seat cushion when the seat motor is engaged, AWFUL NOW a noise is starting to come in the front suspension! 
Owned the Pacifica for a while now, and still love it! Wanted the base model so we would only have two rows of seats. Engine performance is very good for only 200hp and a 4,400lb curb weight. Really powerful around town, breaks the front tires loose easily. Passing power (45-70) isn't that great, but not too bad. Handles curves very well considering larger size. Surprisingly, its a very good tow vehicle. Hardly can tell the trailer 2,000lb trailer is back there. Interior has held up well, but the seats get dirty very easily. Regardless, interior is beautiful and well put together. Love the sleek exterior, the car gets many compliments. I average 22mpg. Around 18 in the city, 25 on the highway.
This car is great. We had a killer winter in New England last year and we had a set of Goodyear snow tires installed and with 4 wd this was a cacoon against anything that winter threw at us. Braking and confort are out standing. We had one mechanical problem with a transmission axel seal that was repaired under warranty. The car is quiet and the six speed transmission is very smooth on acceleration but sometimes get confused on quick stops or when doing a rolling stop when the light changes before a complete stop. It clucks and Chrysler flased the transmission which has improved shifting. The 4.0 L motor is a gem and works well on regular gas (89 octane is suggested). 5 star crash rating!!!!
I have just aquired an 07 Pacifica with 29k miles. Off lease, this is a super clean car. comfor level is great. . .headroom is wonderful, easy in/out for us old timers. I am pleased, perhaps paid a littl too much but love love love the car.
I have owned my Pacifica for almost two years and it has never had to go back to the dealer. I give it regular maintenance and it drives like a dream. I use the car for everything and I average about 22 mpg (Not too many long hauls in Hawaii). It gets up to speed quickly and stops quickly and straight. I have experienced the chatter of the trans between 1st and 2nd and 2nd and 1st at slow speed and that Chrysler "cure" was a flash to the engine computer. I have not taken it to the dealer as I don't want it to end up worse than it started. I have not had the opportunity to speak to other owners as Pacifica's are not that prevalent here. 
One week after purchasing my 2007 Pacifica we had to have the drive train replaced. A while later it was lunging forward and jerking at times when accelerating. Dealer could not find anything wrong. Took it back several times before they finally found the problem. It has been in for transmission repairs 4 times. Last week when I went to take my kids to school, it would not move. The emergency brake spring broke and shot through my rear brake. ABS light and traction control problems are constant! Look up complaints on the Pacifica and you will find out a lot. I would never purchase a Chrysler vehicle again. I do not feel like my family is safe in this car.
Never get over 18 mpg on highway, lucky those who do. I get the clumping also, and my pedal sticks (my 1996 Saturn did this also) how annoying. I love the style, the drive, the look. I wish that there were no console in the middle of the 2nd seats for ease of getting into the 3rd row-- my kids have footprints all over it. 
This is the most comfortable car I have ever owned. It has plenty of room and it handles great. I was concerned about gas mileage. The city mileage isn't great when my wife drives it but seems to be better when I drive. Highway is excelent. I have gotten over 29 mpg at 70 miles an hour. 26 to 27 is more typical though. 
I just leased my second Pacifica and Chrysler made all the changes that the car need over the 05 model. Bigger engine, back up camera and just a few nice features to make a great car even better!! The lease programs on this car are the best out there! I am driving a $41,000 dollar car for under $600 a month on a two year lease! 15k per year and no money down. This deal cannot be beat! This is a lot of car!
This is my second Pacifica and its much much better than the 2004 version with more power and the rear camera group help with backing up greatly and Navigation package really attractive. Marine Blue is great and they have thought of everything. Crash tests and roll over 5 of 5, not too many SUV can say that. The all speed traction control and ESP are standard as well
My 2007 Pacifica has the best fit and finish I have ever seen in any Chrysler product. It is also very comfortable, performs well, and has a great ride. It handles very well for a vehicle its weight. However, if you buy one and you believe you are going to get the EPA rated 16 city 24 highway mileage, you are dreaming! I don't know whether Chrysler has to provide certified results regarding the EPA numbers, but if they do, they are "fudging" big time. 13-14 city and 18-19 highway is more like it.
This is my second Pacifica and I am totally happy with it so far. I just returned from an almost 4000 mile trip and the performance was great. It is a totally comfortable car and I am proud to own it.
It's all about the quiet ride and luxury amenities... It's like almost driving a Benz, believe me i can tell..I just Love it
I was excited to move away from a mini- van and get into something more sporty. The styling is great and the new engine is smooth and fast. Ive never driven the older model so I can only imagine how that engine was. Roomy and comfortable, I also like the standard safety equipment, traction control, and ESP. Blind spots are there but the big mirrors help. So far no issues with my 2007 Pac. 
I turned in my 2005 AWD Touring Sedan and picked up my 2007 Signature Series Pacifica. I cannot believe they are the same car. The 05 was nice, but seemed to labor until tou got her up to cruising speed. This one, got to be careful or a ticket may be in my future. New engine is very quie. Love all the extras, GPS and the back up camera and warning system. LOVE THIS CAR! Dealership is excellent also. This is car # 12 from them. 
Just purchased a new 2007 Pacifica and it drives like a car, but feels like your sitting in a studio condo =) Gas mileage is average for this vehicle, but the 250 HP engine makes up for it. We have taken our Pacifica to Canada and back on many occasions, and all around its a comfy ride, very spacious, and my son loves it!! I would recommend the AWD touring edition for snow dwellers. 
I have always liked the Pacifica style since it came out. I wasn't really in the purchase mode, but drove by the dealership and saw 3 new/used Pacificas on the lot. The gas prices were close to $4.00 a gal. & the price of full size autos were going down. Driving it easy, with the 6 speed transmission, I was getting 19.8 in town, and 29.9 on the highway. It rides so smooth, and the performance is unbelievable! It is totally state of art. Load leveling, traction control, ABS, anti-out of control feature? Over 250 HP. 3500 towing tounge wt. I love my Pacifica. I plan on keeping it for a long time. Again, due to gas price, I got a very good deal. monthly payment is $350. I have the FWD, not AWD.
The first thing that struck us about this car is the styling. Although they built it in their minivan plant, it is a much better looking car. The updates for 2007 are a must have. The 6 speed transmission is giving us around 17 mpg in mixed city and highway driving. We see better than 22 if highway speeds are kept at a reasonable level. I agree that the more powerful motor and extra two gears in the transmission help the car to be quick off the line but it is also one of the most relaxed highway cruisers that we have ever driven. The crash ratings are unmatched in its class. The seats are very comfortable and the dual zone climate with rear heat control means that everyone is comfortable. 
My first Chrysler. It is great price with the features to match. It have SUV advantage (big), but easy to turn on highway.(because base is low.) So, it can be called top performance. Don't know long term quality, because first day broken on road.It was one call back.
I agree with many of the reviews that I read-- the car is a great design however, at 10,000 miles this car lost it. The transmission was "clunky" and with several transmission upgrades it seems to just keep coming back- as many of the others! It has broken down twice due to a gas gauge/ tank problems- as I am learning a not so rare issue. For this-- it is unreliable! After numerous trips to the dealer it still happens. I am tired of it! Why would this car come with a 6 disc DVD changer and no screen? Broken motor mounts- also common in the 2007.
Bought this car because I drove several test vehicles at work and was impressed. Tracked down an '07 (deals were sweet with employee price + rebate). Found an AWD Touring with the NAV package. Drove great for about 40 miles, then the suspension clunking started and the water pouring in through the rear roof at the first hard rainfall. The list goes on. Dealer resolved the leak (missing gasket on the roof antenna) and the other defects. The bad ball joint sound is still present and both dealers (went in 7 times in 2 months) say that it's a "normal" sound. I wonder why the 5 I drove at work didn't do that. Dealer says it's annoying but they all do it. Crappy uncaring dealers.
The complete buying experience was awful. Problems right from the start between the transmission, front end, reversing, AWD. It was endless and the dealerships were not helpful in the least. Currently involved in Lemon law case with vehicle.
At 22,000 miles, new problem with auto control of head lights - set on auto, they do not go off; set on auto, the are on in daylight; set on manual off, they don't go off for 2-3 minutes.
Bought the car for my wife and three kids . Over look of car great . Big issues hear AWD , car just shut off on a highway with my three kids in the car . And would not stay running for more than one minute . Dealer sent me over the edge. No help at all . This first and last Chrysler I'll ever buy . After talking to some other owners have had same problems . Upset in DAD PA
This is an excellent family car that is still fun to drive. It drives like a luxury car, not an SUV. I would buy another one. Highly recommend it.
This is my second Pacifica. I love this car. I have had Cadillacs and Lincolns and this car has a lot better ride. The comfort is awesome. People get in and can't believe how much room it has. I have heard that Chrysler is going to stop making them. I hope this is not true.
I bought this car after testing it in Canada for two weeks under severe weather conditions. It is the best overall car that I have owned so far. My friends and myself don't understand why Chrysler's new owners want to stop production. I think they don't know how to market the good product they make and they haven't listen to us their customers.
The title of my comments says it all. I don't understand why these didn't sell well. I know Chrysler didn't market them well but I've had an S class Mercedes, a 540 BMW and 40 other cars and this is my favorite. It is great on fuel if you consider it's 2 1/2 tons and gets 30+ mpg on the highway and about 20 in the city. I've just finished a trip to New England and the miles are effortless and I'm over 60 years old! I'd recommend one to anyone. 
I had to get a car for a new sales job where I travel daily. Needed more room for people, and displays. I traded in my Lexus which I just loved, I never thought that the Pacifica could ever compare with the Lexus. Was I surprised. I got a 2007 touring model with the 4.0 and 6 speed trans. This is by far the quietest, nicest riding, comfortable car I have ever owned. The stock stereo with Sirius satellite is unbelievable with a pounding bass and clear sound even at high levels. The ride rivals that of the finest European cars. ( I have owned BMW and Lexus prior). The 4.0 has plenty of get up and go and very fun to drive. Love the interior and get plenty of compliments on the styling.Love it
We purchased our Pacifica to replace my wife's VW Passat. With only 1 kid, and a growing family we needed something larger, but not as large as a mini van. Not quite to soccer mom status yet. The 4.0 L is a great engine with adequate power, and plenty of pep. 6sp transmission is very smooth. Handles great. The back hatch is almost exactly 48" inches wide (at it's widest) I just put a sign in it the other day with all 4 back seats down, worked great. The one major draw back is backing up. There is a pretty big blind spot, and it takes some getting used to. Back up sensors would be helpful(didn't come with ours). My wife loves to drive it, we highly recommend this car! too bad no more after '08
After many months of research and test drives we decided on the Pacifica Limited AWD. Am I ever happy with our choice. It drives and rides like a dream. The craftsmanship inside and out is impeccable. With all the goodies that came as standard equipment coupled with the optional packages, the price was very surprising. This is my 6th Chrysler. My '95 Concorde has 300,000 mi. on and is still going strong. Hopefully my Pacifica will give me the same kind of service!!
Bought the 07 Limited AWD. This car is a total dream machine. The handling is sure and tight. The ride is great. The interior is luxurious without being over the top. The fit and finish inside and out is impeccable. This is my 8th Chrysler. My 1995 Concorde has 307,000 on it and only had to have a tranny rebuild at 200,000. I am having a ball traveling around the country in this car!!! My wife says it is the best yet. I wonder who the genius at Chrysler is that made the call to quit producing these after '08. Guess I'll have to buy an '08 and store it!!
This is my second Pacifica. My first was a 2005 and loved it. My wife's girl friend wanted it so bad that I sold it to her and bought a 2007 Signature Series model. The ride, comfort and features are great. I am getting an average of 21 mpg combined. Chrysler is making a huge mistake discontinuing this model. 
We bought the Pacifica based on seating & ride comfort for my wife (bad back) & she picked the Pacifica from among many others. The exterior fit & finish are good but has one minor door mis- alignment. Paint finish is excellent. The interior is most comfortable. We get 26+ MPG on the highway and in-town mileage at 19+ MPG. We're very pleased with the fuel mileage. Ours is FWD with the 4.0 L engine & had only 14K miles when we bought it. I love the 6 speed tranny with the "Power-Shift" feature; but I am concerned about it's reliability as I read there have been problems with the TQ. Time will tell! 
I've had my Pacifica for about 2 months and I absolutely LOVE it. The interior is huge and very comfortable. The seats all easily fold down for storage. I love the radio controls on the steering wheel..right behind it, in the perfect spot. Every seat has it's own cup holder and air vents. I like the captain seats on the second row with the console in the middle. It rides 5-6 adults comfortably. The air bag in the front seat is cut on/off by weight, which is great for the 8-year- old that likes to ride in the front. There's rubber in the bottom of the cup holders that pulls out, so it's easy to clean messes! Dual air is great. I'm seriously in love!
I bought this vehicle because my wife and I wanted a vehicle with a 3rd row that wasn't a mini van and got better than 20 mpg. I picked this out because the price was right. I bought it used with 10,xxx at under $18k. I'm a big guy at over 6 ft and 285 and I can comfortably get into the front and back seats, but I haven't tried the 3rd row (I own it so I don't have to ride back there.) MPG has been around 21.5 since we bought it. It has more of a car like ride than most SUVs but you still feel some roll on harder turns (it is based on a mini van frame). It is a comfortable ride for long trips, and has plenty pickup around town. Overall I'm pleased with what I got for the money.
Test drove 2005 & 2006 models before falling for the 2007 model with 4.0 and six speed automatic. Bought a fleet car with 24,000. Just finished a 2500 mile trip. Average city MPG is 18.5 and 26 MPG on the highway doing 75. Would get 32 if I kept it at 60-65. 10% ethanol cuts mileage by 10-20%. Tons of room in front and 2nd row. Acceleration is great. Haven't driven in the snow, but don't have any worries based on experience to date. It has the capacity of full size SUV, with gas mileage of mid-sized sedan. 
Why in the world has Chrysler kept this Crossover a secret from the public? This is one of the best made vehicles Chrysler has ever built! The AWD is fantastic, and the plush interior is top quality! The power from the 4.L seed automatic is better than you can imagine, and best of all the the great fuel mileage, we get 22 mpg in stop and go and have got as high as 26 mpg.
What happens when you have to haul two 6'tall teenagers plus two friends and all their assorted hockey bags in a Pacifica?? You get to ride in a quiet, reliable, easy to handle with lots of room car! I love my Pacifica and after hauling those kids around...three more hockey families purchased them. Definitely a fan.
The Pacifica has unique styling, very nice appearance and great interior layout. Has an upscale look & feel. I bought the Signature Series which is loaded up w/ navigation, power liftgate, rear seat DVD, satellite radio, heated seats front & back. Signature Series interior scheme set this one apart from other Pacificas. Pleanty of power and a smooth ride. The bad: in 12 months and 10,000 miles of driving, this vehicle has been through 3 torque converters, both sway bars links, a driveshaft, had a side view mirror come off and had a splash guard (the big sheet of plastic in the wheel well) fall off. Worst of all, trade in value is less than half of new MSRP ($34540). Appraised @ $16k.
This is the 3rd Chrys we've owned and the best. We both are in our 50s and the "step" in & out is great.. performance, ride, comfort is purely Luxury. We got the Touring, with the Spring Special. Grandkids Love the 8 in DVD Screen. Love the styling and handling on the highway especially with the 19 in. wheels a Classy "Car". Chrysler needs to rethink doing away with this vehicle after 2009. VERY Underrated. What's a Chrysler Man do... 
If you buy one, be sure to ask or have the Torque converter checked because there have been many replaced (including mine) in this vehicle, which I found out after the fact. The vehicle would start shuttering in the rear going up hills and they found out the TQ was the culprit. A new one fixes it, but can be spendy if no warranty. Otherwise its an awesome vehicle that I love driving!
We were in the market for a crossover type vehicle to replace our explorer - preferably used (after seeing the prices). We narrowed it to the Edge, Mazda MX9, and the Nissan. When we got to the lot, there was a Pacifica there - we decided to drive it since we had some time, but not really considering it as an option. We loved it!! If you're looking at this style vehicle, you can't beat the drive and comfort of the Pacifica for thousands less (for a used vehicle). Definitely an overlooked vehicle.
Just purchased my new car and love it. The motor has plenty of power and you get a lot for your money. Can't understand why they would stop making them. 
The vehicle is perfect for family getaways. Loads of room for everyone and everything! Gas mileage is great on highway and there is plenty of horses for passing.
I have really enjoyed this vehicle. The 4 liter engine and six-speed automatic make it absolute fun to drive. I get about 16.7 mpg around town and 27.8 on the highway with A/C on and running at 70 mph. The only vehicle I have owned that bettered it was a '79 VW Rabbit Diesel. (Except for that I've always driven large vehicles). My special-ordered vehicle has HID lights which I love and backup camera with nav system which is also very nice. No moon roof which I hate. Mine also has dual exhausts. The brake response is the best I've had in many years. Likewise the steering. Throttle easily permits light, smooth getaways. Good driver's position. I also like the power liftgate.
A pleasure to drive. Friends who have ridden or driven this car can not believe the comfort and luxury. Plenty of power and mixed city/highway of 18-20 miles per gallon. No complaints except for not having 10 position passenger sear (not available). This car was extremely under rated by the experts.
This 2007 Pacifica replaced my 2004 Pacifica. Improvments include the 4 litre engine, 6 speed transmission, 19 inch tires. Otherwise it was quite similar to my 2004 Pacifica. A fun car to drive. Best car purchase since 1963...
Wanted to replace a 10 year old stationwagon with another one. After looking for two months at all makes and models of wagons, decided the Pacifica fit all my needs. After 7 months and 13,000 miles I wasn't wrong. It's more than what I expected. Great sport sedan handling. I sit up there with other SUV's and P/Us. It's one of the best kept secrets in the car world. The only thing missing is the pointed 3 star in a circle, but my bank account is not out an extra $20,000. It's the first time I've owned an AWD and even though I lose a couple of miles a gallon, at 65 years old I've got peace of mind while driving on ice and snow. A safe car for hauling my grandkids around. 
Want a van, but don't want one at the same time? Then, this might be for you. Has all the interior comforts and room or a van, but more like a car. Excellent family hauler! 
Switched from minivan after 9 years, great styling and amenities, along with awesome v-6 (4.0L) and six speed transmission combo - Less utility than prior owned Grand Voyager, but better gas mileage. Somewhat loud on initial acceleration. Great safety features (rear view camera, air bag canopy, ESP and traction control a plus)
After my '98 Audi wagon died (engine freeze at 80,000 miles), I needed a new wagon for size, comfort, and utility. I'd owned German cars for 34 years, but could not believe the prices! Checked out the Pacifica and found the perfect car. Comfort, great design, and functional luxury for over $20,000 less than the European equivalents.
I leased a 2004 Pacifica and loved, loved, loved it. Naturally, when my lease was up, I decided to purchase a new Pacifica. This one - not so good. There was a recall on it before I drove it off the lot and the dealership never told me. Then my transmission started acting "funny", now my engine light seems to always be on. All I can say is that I am not happy with the performance of my 2007. If I could give it back, I would. Sorry Chrysler but you lost me with this one. 
I just purchased this vehicle in late December for $9,000 under MSRP. My wife and I are expecting our first child in June and need a vehicle to accomadate. The front, rear and side 5 star impact rating was important in our decision to purchase. The exterior styling is very aggressive and sporty looking. The interior is well designed but I understand why people have commented about the cheap materials used for construction in newer Chysler/Dodge vehicles. The performance and ride is what makes this vehicle stand apart from the competition. Acceleration is outstanding and the ride is very smooth and quiet. Caught myself speeding a few times well above the limit. Can corner fast without fear.
The Pacifica is a real quality vehicle. The ride is so smooth! Fit and finish are almost flawless. Attention to every detail is evident inside and out. The Pacifica has value and quality at an affordable price.
Our Chrysler Pacfica is great. It, in my opinion, is great looking. It has decent space, though obviously not as much as a minivan. It is comfortable, although people may complain about the comfort of the third row, it is usually only uses sometimes and by kids not adults. It can hold a decent amount of cargo. The electronics are pretty good, we got all of them. Over all, good car.
We traded in a 04 Altima for the Pac. It was great car and really good on gas which I miss but we needed more room so we went to the Pacifica which my wife was looking at for a while anyway. She wanted 3rd row and I also wanted 4wd so I wouldn't have to worry about her on snowy days. The ride is al ot quieter than the Altima and smoother. A lot more room for are 2 girls. I love the looks inside and out. I was skeptical about the leather but so far I love it. The get up and go is great. like I said the mileage is ok but I have a Nissan Titan that gets about the same as the pac. The kids love riding in the way back and are always asking me to turn the radio up and go faster which gets me introuble with the wife.
I am a musician, and I need a vehicle that can carry a lot of gear. My worn out van was at the end of it's life and I was tired of getting no better than 15 MPG. I tested many mid-size SUV's, and there are several good choices if you want a rugged "off road sporty" type of vehicle. But I wanted something that could handle my cargo needs, drive like a true luxury car, provide lots of power with a smooth comfortable ride, has a stylish look and at a reasonable price. The Pacifica is all that and more. If you need a vehicle that can handle your big family, and/or some decent cargo loads, plus a smooth ride, lots of bells and whistles and some "get up a go", this is the one! 
Great ride, lots of room, very nice looking vehicle, surprisingly good mileage especially on the highway. Seats are quite comfortably. A great value for the money.
I have a fully loaded limited AWD. This car has everything from GPS to back up camera, bluetooth , 4 heated seats and DVD player, not to forget the Sirius radio and only for 31K. The ride is so smooth and very powerful. The suspension is smooth but you still have the control of the car. The interior is very luxurious. 255 hp is under the hood when needed. 
I have the Spring Edition Lot of bells and whistles for the money. Beautiful interior. Smooth ride.
The ride It is roomy, even with tripletts in car seats. The instrument panel is easy seen,and we love the memory seat and mirrors. And it is easy enter and exit the vehicle...like driving a "sports"van lots of room when third row seating not being used 
We love this car! Comfortable for 4 adults on a 4000 mile trip, with room to spare (using a roof carrier). We consistently averaged 23-24 mpg on the interstate systems, driving 75 mph. This vehicle is a replacement for a Lincoln Town Car, and it is every bit as comfortable
The Pacifica Limited is very nice looking - exterior and interior. We love all the features (it is loaded) and they all perform very well. It is very quiet with lots of power and I am sure that it will go well in the snow. We love the radio and the backup camera. If it is half the car that our Intrepid is (it has over 200,000 miles), we will be very satisfied.
Just replaced my wife's '04 Pacifica with an '07 WD Signature Series. The bigger engines was definitely a big improvement. This one has much more zip, even with A/C on. The ride is smooth, comfortable and quiet. I could drive this thing all day. The gas mileage isn't the best...not yet close to the rated mpg. We like the style and the feeling of safety of this big vehicle. However, I just took the car back to the dealer at 3,000 miles as the transmission "shudders at about 1800 RPM while moderately accelerating thru the gears. There is a TSB indicating this is a problem with AWD '07 Pacificas and the torque converter should be replaced. I hope this solves the problem. Otherwise, we love it! 
Agree with excellent ride, great handling and DVD and video, ipod hookup etc are all great. Our in town mileage is 14-15. Our highway mileage is 26-27 at 75mph on the cruise control. Very comfortable and quiet for driver and passenger. 
2007 Pacifica really takes this car to another level. New 4.0L V-6 and 6- speed tranny provide the performance transfusion that makes this a fun to drive vehicle, and fulfills its promise as a true car-like crossover vehicle. Steering response is improved, interior noise is down and the rear camera is helpful. Nice job Chrysler.
car is fun drive andhas excellent pickup and response. smooth on the highway and extremely quiet
MUCH more room than my wife's Durango
My wife and I recently returned from a trip to South Carolina. 1500 miles round trip. We averaged 24mpg on the highway at 75-80mph. Car handled great, was quiet, and comfortable. Loved being able to go almost 500 miles on a tank of gas. Good stereo too
All is well with our '07 Pac. We were finally able to get out of the house for a wedding in RI and all four of us piled in. The Nav system was fantastic! The fuel economy was equally fantastic, averaging 65-70 mph we yielded 26 MPG carrying a load of about 900 lbs. Around town we get 15 mpg. Honestly, we could do 800-1000 miles in a day with this vehicle. Between the DVD in the back, 4 heated, adjustable, tilting seats, the Nav system, and a 23 gallon fuel tank it was effortless. We stopped for lunch after 2.75 hrs and my son (6'4", 220 lbs) could not believe we were in the car that long. He was involved in the movies in the back seats. Most importantly, my wife loves it!
We have enjoyed this vehicle very much. It is fun to drive, and comfortable riding. It looks like a high priced luxuary vehicle. Fuel ecomony on the low side but very powerful engine.
Purchased this vehicle for my Father and Mother. Dad and Mom are at 80 this year and I noticed them having trouble getting in and out of their old car. They looked and drove other makes, but decided on the 300. When we got to the dealership I asked them to look at the Pacifica. He fell in love with it, and "damn those SUV's on the road, I can't see around them" attitude, was a thing of the past. Mom's quote "Its so big, I don't like it". They have since driven to PA. on a trip, and Mom, now on her 1 millionth trip to the store, loves "being up there". They still smile when I ask them, how's the car now?
I have driven an Audi Allroad for 6 yrs. Came home from a trip to Europe w30 hs students to find my car replaced w the Pacifca. Now, I understand my husband is a Detroit boy but I was thinking I was a NY girl in need of a lawyer. Turns out the Audi needed a part that would take 6 weeks get here from Germany and it wasn't practical to keep. After much loud grumbling, I drove it. I have had the Pacifica for a week now and have to say it has as nice a ride and some features that I really enjoy. It is smooth and very comfortable. The only problem I seem to have is nonretractable side mirrors. I haven't driven American in 12 yrs. It actually really suprises me.
This is my second Pacifica with even more refinements and comforts than my first one. I love the handing, performance and safety features. I like the feel of sitting up higher than an ondinary sedan and performance is fine with the 4.0 L six.
I bought my vehicle in Oct 2004. We travel a lot and always use this vehicle. It is comfortable and road steady. All vehicles should have the same feel. I wish the floor was flat when the rear seats are laid down. Good capacity.
This is my 2nd Pacifica. First one had many upgrades. I got the Limited AWD this time. Only thing missing is the kitchen sink. Chrysler improved the engine with the 4.0. It has great pickup vs 2004, has better gas mileage too. Passenger windows are same grade as the windshield keeps outside noise to a min. Love the DVD w/wireless headphones(no tangling). People in front can listen to their favorites on beautiful stereo system, with subwoofers. Nicer design on the outside. The Pacifica says move over. 4700 lbs of safety for my family. Suede and leather heated seats are a must. You can adjust everything to your liking. Looking forward to this car on long trips. This is the meaning of true luxury
My first Pacifica was bought back by Chrysler after 3 mo. The next one had minor problems and traded it in after 1 yr. 3rd one, Touring was great. Lease was almost up and with Chrysler push forward program, I got into a new one earlier. I went for the Limited with everything. I especially love the 4.0 engine. What a ride. The '07 is by far the best one yet.
I just returned from three months in Florida and am happier than my first report. Car averaged 18 mpg. for local driving. and 25.7 on the trip back to Ohio. Driving in the South you have to atay at 80+ to keep from being run over. Car is a dream on the road!!
My Touring Signature Series performs much better than my expectations. The combination of the well-tuned 4.0 liter engine with the 6-speed gear, plus the smooth auto-stick gear, gives this car an outstanding perfomance. Moreover, the Pacifica looks awesome and stylish. It is worthy every single penny. 
The favorite options moonroof, heated seats, power lift gate, and nav system. I picked the Pac up in VA and drove it to NY. 24 MPG cruising at 75. I would think the mileage could only get better. The reach into the back from the back of the car with the 3rd row seats folded down is a bit of a stretch but tolerable to get those grocery bags. The Pac is a great cruiser. We will see how Mom does around town. So far, she is beyond thrilled with the car. If the Pac, long term, is 1/2 as good as the '96 T&C we had, we will all be smiling. 
Have had this vehicle for 9 months and we love it. Very comfortable and a dream to drive. it's very stable on the road. Solid 
Just got the pacifica a few days ago. I was replacing an Eddie Bauer Expedition. I was able to find a Signature series with every option except the power moon roof. I love the location of the Navigation (in the dash cluster). The 19.5" wheels really make a nice add on. It does not lack any power and every gadget you can possibly ask for. We were looking at the Lincoln MKX but wanted a 3rd row seat and I am so glad we chose this vehicle. The ride is much quieter and smoother than the expedition was and not much less room. I was really surprised at the amount of space, I thought it was going to be tight once we got the whole family loaded in with the car seats and all.
The 4 liter v-6 w/ 6 speed trans is like a rocket ready to take off. At 50 mph there is no hesitation to 80mph. german autobahn tested to 115 mph when governor kicked in. I know there's more than that. smooth transition between gears and great handling performance around turns. snow is nothing in the AWD. worth every penny.
This Pacifica is Great!I through out my back this fall and it was hard to get down and sit in my sedan the seat height is perfect. I checked out 5 suv/ crossover types (Trebeca,XC90,SRX,Murano,Highlander),the Pacifica was the most comfortable seating the best support for my back. It is roomier than the others, the third seat is even comfortable with adults. The placement of all the controls are convenient when driving. I especially like the electric seat controls, they are laid out just like a seat on the door, the lumbar control,even the adjustable peddles,and the heat seat controls. Plenty of power with new 4.0 engine and the new 6 speed transmission with AWD and having 6 adults on board.
I have had my Pacifica about two months. I liked it when I drove it off the lot and like it more now. This is a distinctively styled, great looking vehicle. It handles extremely well, has great pep, is supremely comfortable, and can haul a ton of stuff. No matter what highway speed you select, the engine is basically loafing (about 2000 rpm's)and has all the power you'll need for any situation. I was a little concerned on gas mileage at first (17 mpg with a mix of city and highway), but it has improved steadily to a now acceptable 21 mpg. For a vehicle with this much power and space, I can live with that.
We purchased a 2007 Chrysler Pacifica and were happy until we had it washed. After washing we noticed that all chrome trim pieces were etched or corroded. We had less than 2000 miles and had the car only 7 weeks. We returned to the dealer and were told they would contact Chrysler. We have now had 3 conversations with Chrysler and they have basically said too bad that it is a normal condition in areas that use Mag Chloride on highways. I believe this is a defect in the fabricating process since we have had a 1999 T&C van for over 8 years and show no sign of this problem. This may be a problem in several northern tier states. Beware before buying Chrysler in snow areas. Very Disappointed
I've never bought a Chrysler before, I've gone from an Alfa Romeo to a Mercedes to a Volvo. I needed a big, comfortable car that was still stylish and this is it! I absolutely love this car. It rides smoothly, the interior is luxurious and reminds me of a European car. There are so many cool features that it's hard to name them all. Suffice it to say that I'm very happy with my purchase and I'd recommend a Pacifica to anyone.
I have a back problem and was looking for a car with a smooth ride and I got it in my '07 Pacifica. Wonderful ride, feel very safe, beautiful on the outside, get lots of compliments, reliable and the best vehicle I've owned. Easy to get in and out of, tons of storage and great features. What more could anyone want?
I traded in a 2000 Dodge Sedan for the roomier Touring FWD in Magnesium. I shopped minivans and SUVs--needing a 3rd row for people and space for cargo hauling--and found this the better choice. I'm extremely pleased with the 07's power, handling, ride and features. So far fuel mileage has exceeded my expectations for the 4.0 with 6 speed. No less than 19.6 mpg in mixed town and highway and a high of 24 on the Interstate at um "good" speeds. Dealer experience was one of the best in memory as was the value. I recommend you consider the Pacifica. 
Exceptionally comfortable ride. Good cargo space. A lot of car for the money. Good engine pick-up. Very pleased with the quality of the vehicle. For being a small six cylinder it has very good pick up. 
Blame myself for buying but Chrysler also guilty Was dusk and raining so didn?t look closely at delivery Over next few days driving and inspecting was increasingly disappointed Exterior paint looked like red orange peel Almost every body seam not straight Interior center console, dash, door panels have large gaps and not aligned Leather seats have puckering on seams and easily scuffed Rattles from center console and dash Speakers rattle and have very noticeable distortion Steering wheel not aligned When accelerating has loud exhaust roar Transmission jerky when shifting Poor fuel economy Impossible to drive with either one or both rear windows down has loud pulsating buffeting airflow
This is the 2nd awd. The touring awd was almost mechanically perfect, only real problem, too slow. Brakes were warped by 34,000. 07 ltd awd is really a fast auto. A great improvement. Trans. seems confused at times. Will wait on the 6spd and new engine review. 05 was using a lot of oil?? at the end.Changed it at 3000, went to 6000. and it was down 2 qts at the end? 1 of, If not our best cars still. 
My new Pacifica and I'm loving it, handles great and have nothing bad to say about it. Lot of room and very comfortable. Still discovering all the new gadgets that are now standard with this model.
This is my first Pacifica, but had rented others and from previous years. This is the vehicle for me and my family.
The pacifica is NOT a car and is NOT an suv.....and definitely is NOT A MINI VAN....if anything at all it leans more towards a luxury suv. I LOVE IT!!!
Very upset with this purchase. Have only had a few months and my engine light is on. Today as I drove it, it started bucking, wouldn't go over 30 mph. I've read many reviews today about this being a common problem. (another site). The dealer can't get me in today, so I'm SOL. I am paying quite a bit for this car, and having it for such a short amount of time and this is wrong. Not happy.
Presently I have 83,000 miles on my PT Cruiser. I've only had to replace brakes once, tires once and of course numerous oil changes!!! I do a lot of highway driving and get decent mileage, about 25/mpg. Its a joy to drive!
I bought this car for a franchise that I later sold but kept the car. At 20K miles it needed new brake pads & rotors and again at 40K miles!! The A/C compressor died at 30K. Now, the check engine light is coming on and it is driving very rough. There is only 40K miles on this car, folks! I would never have bought a Chrysler if it was not the car of choice for the franchise I owned at the time and will NEVER buy one again. 
I bought my '07Cruiser touring edition in '07 and like many features of this car including: the old style look of a 1940's car, the dash board features (outside temp., compass, avg. mi. per gal., mi. till empty..etc.), good cd player, good ac and heat, unique "handle bar" on passenger side, well thought out middle console with 3 cup holders and middle storage with sliding arm rest, smooth ride, good brakes and easy gas pedal, back seats fold down and can come out for plenty of cargo room, stylish interior of textured material. Feels more upscale than you actually pay for it. I recommend this car to those who appreciate old style of cars & who want something that looks nice w/o paying alot.
i love my pt cruiser, i never get tired of it, or get tired of driving it...i love the cool vanilla color, but i wish that it was red cause thats my fav color, i love the ride its very comfortable and smooth, handling is amazing, i can zip around curves like a sports car...it has really good power for a non-turbo, well at least mine does...if you want a lil extra power add a cold air intake, it makes it a lil zippier plus it gives it a nice sounding growl...i love almost everything about the car except for the gas mileage it gets decent but i expected better...i just hate that chrysler is fixin to stop making them...i highly recommend this vehicle.
I am retired. Great car/suv for short trips. Entry comfort is perfect/style has no equal. No mechanical problems. Cheap to buy and maintain and insure. Production has ended at the end of 2009. Parts will be available for years. I think Chrysler made a mistake in getting rid of this one. HHR sales have never equaled PT's. This car/suv will be a retro classic and we all want to go back to the past.
I always loved the look of the PT so I broke down and bought one in 2007. Since my purchase have had it in the shop 4 times for check engine light and now I am having to replace the brakes and rotors and barely have 20K miles. Service personnel said they have had this trouble with the PT Cruisers. Why did'nt they tell me that when I bought it? No wonder Chrysler is needing a bailout when they make such bad cars. I have never bought a new car that needed any major mechanical work before 30K and most didn't need work until 60K miles. I am very disappointed in this car and will never buy a Chrysler again.
I love my PT! My kids enjoy riding it and think it looks cool. I wish it got better gas mileage and I hate the interior fabric. It stains just from water so it makes it bad with 3 kids. Lots of room in the hatch back. Would recommend buying this car.
After months of research and reading reviews on this site and others, I bought my PT Cruiser in Augusy 2008. I absolutely love it! It's cool looking and fun to drive. I down sized from an Explorer so the extra miles per gallon is also a plus. It could do with a little more power on the highway though. I haven't had any problems with it in the 4 months I've owned it.
Bought a new 2007 Touring Edition in June 2008. It's my second Cruiser but with more bells & whistles! The mileage could be better, but as I'm retired, I now put on only about 1/2 the miles I did when working, and it's mostly short trips. I have back difficulties and with the Cruiser I managed to take a trip to Door Co. WI, without discomfort. Heating and cooling systems are excellent. Love the compass, outdoor temp gauge, and # of miles 'til empty. And everyone thinks it's a"cool" car for a granny to be driving! I'm totally pleased with my PT Cruiser!
I've owned my 2007 pacific coast highway edition pt cruiser for almost a year. it has a manual transmission and a 2.4 liter engine, non turbo. it gets up and scoots well. it seems to be geared pretty low for what i had expected. it would've been nice if it were offered with a 6 speed though. i do a lot of highway driving and average only 26 mpg.
recently purchased my 2007 cruiser and couldn't be happier. i was recently in a pretty bad accident in another car and it became totaled so when i was looking to buy another car i wanted something i knew would feel safe. i test drove other cars the cobalt and the mazda 6 but they didn't feel right i got in the cruiser and feel in love i couldn't be happier with how it drives and how much fun everyone has getting in it and driving around. I'm only 20 but i do a lot of traveling with friends and need the extra space that i didn't have in my other car.
Great car for around town and short drives. Easy exiting the car from all doors, better than sedan's. Ride is smooth and uneventful and handles well. If you want reliability, fun and good economics, this is your car.
I bought my cruiser in July of 08 and it's been running like a new car even though it's had a lady bang into the drivers side doors. Before I even took it home I took it to Minnesota and my relatives said its really nice!
Have had this PTC for about 2 mos. It was a previously owned rental vehicle and was in very good condition (in and out). It rides smoothly, has a nice road feel and get around 25 mpg (overall). It's not a very economical city driver (below 20 mpg) but most folks (like me) use primarily highway. I get people commenting about it all the time. They/I like the styling (the convertible looks much nicer than the sedan), the color (opal) and the fact that is can seat passengers in the back-seat with reasonable comfort. The trunk is a bit small but slightly above average, for a convertible. The 16" alloy wheels are sharp (but I will soon replace the Goodyear tires - which are awful). 
Weirdest thing EVER. If a drop of water gets on the seats it leaves a watermark. I've had my car for only a few months and the interior looks terrible. I tried to clean it, and that only made it worse. Wherever the cleaner went it left a watermark stain.
Needed to get a FWD car for towing behind my RV and thought to offset GAS with a smaller car. Being a Big Guy was shocked at the room or lack of it in some of these small cars, had to be designed by the same guy who come up with Airplane seats! Got in the PT Cruiser. Liked it at once. Great comfort, smooth ride, okay maybe not the best gas mileage, but all things considered, now wished I got one with more Bells & Whistles. I think the next one will be. 
Bought the car for a cheap commuter. Only car I could find new for under twelve thousand that fit my needs. Has worked great for the job at a smooth 30 mpg average. Plus only car with a lifetime powertrain warranty. Would buy another one without hesitation.
Just bought our cruiser and have gotten decent mileage. We are getting 23 mpg in the city and 26 mpg on the hwy. We traded in a trailblazer that I loved, in return for better gas mileage. For the price, we really got a good deal. Just as much seat room, little less in storage, but none the less way better on gas. We were skeptical of the "hearse looking car" at first, but loved this inside so much we bought it. Talked to another gentleman with a cruiser that had 78,000 mi on it and never had one problem. Looking forward to many more miles and less gas. Great buy.
We bought 2 PTs in March '08-a Limited Edition for Mom and a Pacific Coast Highway Edition for our teenager. We both love our new cars! Best feature is the utility of the vehicle--love all the options in the back-absolutely perfect for beach trips, groceries and softball equipment. We have actually gained on the Mpg as we "broke-in" the cars (both were brand new at purchase). We love the retro styling, pick-up is just fine; SO FUN TO DRIVE! So much better than those sedans!! Enjoy your ride and long live the PT!!
I have read many previous reviews on the 07 Cruiser, some have been calling this vehicle a "Compact Car" and them complaining about the mileage. I have to say that I have the basic model with no cruise control and I get 21 MPG city and that a site better than the 12 MPG I was getting in my 4X4 pickup. It handles great, corner tight. I love my PT Cruiser! My suggestion is, if you think this is a compact car, think again before you buy. PT's are small type SUV's and wagons, the little convertible may be classified as a car but the others are not.
I can't say enough good things about the PT Cruiser. I drive an '04, and we were so happy with it we purchased my wife an '07. The car is excellent, a great tradeoff of comfort, utility and economy. The fold down seats and interior room allow us to carry just about anything we need. I purchased an 8' countertop at Home depot, folded down the seats pushed the countertop in and closed the hatch. Mileage not the greatest, but still good. My wife and I both get about 24 city and 30 - 31 highway. My 04 has 98,500 miles and has been trouble free. Daughter's boyfriend just purchased an 08 PT based on what he saw with ours.
Bought a 2007 touring, mars blue color with 23k miles on it (was a rental car), rides great, inside pretty comfy, love the blue dash, fun as heck to drive, 2.4L has good pickup, wish glove compartment locked and had the chilling feature like the Caliber, my gas w/local driving is 14.6-14.9 with no change in 1 month so that is terrible. My dad would have loved the 50's feel!! 
I was hooked on the style of the PT even before it came out so I guess I was pre-sold. But it took me 6 years to get one since I needed the size my old Mopar van had. Now I have my PT and I love it! Sure, it's a base sedan with just an automatic and A/C but it has all the toys I need and corners sharp and my teen-age grandson thinks its "cool". I'm a "husky" six-footer who finds the headroom generous and the legroom more than adequate and can reach all the window/stereo/HVAC controls without stretching. Gripes? Well, it could get better mileage but it weighs 3100 lbs (a Z-06 Vette is only 700lbs more!). It reminds me of my old PV544 Volvo: same handy size, same old-time looks, same swagger!
What a super deal. Convertible and the wind blowing back your hair. I love the single button top off/down as well as all windows down, too! Gas mileage a bit low but this car is solid. People always comment the cruiser convertible is "sweet",esp. the cream w/black top. One tiny suggestion: hazard button too close to radio controls (you get the idea).
Attitude, humor and styling are what this vehicle is all about. PT Cruiser owners are a cult unto their own. The car is neither too big nor little. The seats are neither too hard nor soft. The engine is neither too powerful or a pussy cat. Owning a PT Cruiser is an adventure into selfish realism and being an owner of such an ?AG? colored vehicle is youthful, courageous and magnificent. And that is all I have to say.
If you're looking for a well appointed convertible but want to keep your purchase in the low teens, look no further than the Pt Cruiser Touring with the 2.4L turbo 4 cylinder. Build quality, ride, and handling are very good. The 4cyl is a little rough at idle but has good acceleration due to the turbo. The convertible has a heavy car feel to it. At highway speeds, the car is suprisingly quiet with the top down. You can carry on a conversation without shouting and/or listen to the radio. The PT has a real backseat for two, and the trunk is adequate. While retro styled cars are past their prime(the reason why the price is so low), the Pt is still very attractive and very fun to drive. 
If you're looking for a well appointed convertible but want to keep your purchase in the low teens, look no further than the Pt Cruiser Touring with the 2.4L turbo 4 cylinder. Build quality, ride, and handling are very good. The 4cyl is a little rough at idle but has good acceleration due to the turbo. The convertible has a heavy car feel to it. At highway speeds, the car is suprisingly quiet with the top down. You can carry on a conversation without shouting and/or listen to the radio. The PT has a real backseat for two, and the trunk is adequate. While retro styled cars are past their prime(the reason why the price is so low), the Pt is still very attractive and very fun to drive. 
do not try to put chains on this---will hydro plane too easy with these tires--can't change tire size--no clarince beware this can kill!!!!!! blind spot to rear left & right 22 mpg at60 mph 18.5 city.needs lots of room to turn. no lock abillity 4 small stuff
This car has by far the worst gas mileage in the CITY that I have ever experience in my life! I used to have an 84 Chevy Caprice Wagon Estate and it got better gas mileage and was a more comfortable ride. For shorter people like me (I am 5 foot 3) the car is extra roomy, but for someone a little bit taller I would be a little bit concerned in the front seats. I simply hate this vehicle and I can't wait for them to repo it. It's not even worth paying for any more... I am just going to take the hit to my credit and move on amicably. They will just write it off as a loss and sell my debt to a collections agency anyways. I have never in my life been disgusted with a vehicle until now. 
I had a Corolla but turning 50 I wanted to treat myself to something I could call mine. I don't like to spend a lot of money on cars. Driving this car makes me feel good and young like I want to just hit the open highways. So it burns a little more gas than most cars. Hey treat yourself. Don't leave too much behind because someone else will have no problem spending it. Happy motoring 
I got my 2007 PT Crusier from a private car broker after I had got into a car accident in my 2000 Toyota Camry in Feb. Now I'm a tall girl and my head hits the ceiling if I don't have the seats laid back. I am the claustrophobic type & since the ceiling also slants more down in the front that causes a problem for me too. The drive is a little more rough when I compare it to my old Camry. The PT does not have little cubbies like my Camry did and you sit very high up in the car to the point that you think you're driving a truck. The back seats have great head room though but the leg room is quite small. It's December now and I'm trading in my PT. Hopefully tomorrow cause I'm sick of driving it.
Wow! Horrible gas mileage! I seriously thought there was something wrong with it when I got it, but apparently it's in working order. How can I get 14 MPG in town in 4 cyl and only 22-24 highway. Please. I would expect this mileage from a mid to large size SUV not a car. This car needless to say is gone, or on its way out. It's not that the features or styling that I don't like, which I do, but when you're driving 150-300 miles per day, yea filling that puppy up everyday is just putting to many read numbers in quick book for me.
This viehicle had to have two front transmission seals replaced before it had 2400 miles on it, yes two thousand four hundred miles. This vehicle vibrates at 45mph and while in idle. Very disappointed in vehicle and reliability. Brakes shutter at breaking at high speed, will be a problem at a later date.
I purchased a 2007 cool vanilla Cruiser base with automatic and cruise control in 09-2007. Liked the vehicle so much I purchased another cruiser touring edition for my wife. Both vehicles drive and ride extremely well. Being senior citizens we enjoy the ease of entering and exiting this vehicle. Gas mileage is 22-23 cith and 26-28 highway. I drove Fords for forty two years but the PT Cruiser is far better than any Ford I ever owned. Fun to drive, sits up high, road visability is great and visibility from inside out is good with no blind spots like their is with the HHR. The PT for the money and value, and reliability with a lifetime warranty can't be beat in my mind. Very happy with 
I purchased a 2007 PT Cruiser vehicle because consumer repots show it to be economy friendly. The driving performance is amazing. It really holds the road well. I live in the country so most of the roads are 55mph and higher. The vehicle takes a curve with total smoothness and comfort. I have found nothing that I do not like about the vehicle. I purchased it for price, consumer rateings and gas usage. It is extrmely good on gas. My father has a 2007 expedition and the PT Cruiser feels just as smooth of a ride as his 35,000$ vehicle.
This is a great little car. I bought it for my daughter to drive to college. We got a Sin and Sound option package for a low price. My daughter loves the sunroof and the Boston Acoustics stereo. The fit and finish is WAY better than I expected at this price. The 4 cylinder engine is adequate. So far we have had 0 problems
Always loved this model, but the early models were costly. My 07 4 speed auto was a real bargain. I got the silver base model which i think goes best with the interior colors. Rented one for a few days, while my van was in the shop and fell for this baby! 
I love my new Cruiser, its fun to drive, easy on gas, comfortable to drive in. The turning circle is wider than I expected. The drive is smooth. I have driven in the mountains with this and it acts like a typical 4 cylinder, but has adequate power to make it up the mountains. The a/c is cold - important in Arizona! The fold down/take out seats are a real plus for carrying things in the back. My daughter does complain that the seating in the rear is not as comfortable as the front. My husband has bad knees and finds the higher seating very comfortable both to drive as well as getting in and out of the car. We are very happy with the car and look forward to many years with the new PT.
I just love my new PT Cruiser! It's bright red and my husband and I bought some aftermarket chrome to jazz it up more. We put the chrome beltline on it and chrome around the lights and added a wood-look dash/radio control kit. It is the 2CK option with the leather seats and chrome body side mouldings and chrome wheels. It is beautiful and fun. I love the way it handles and it has more pickup on the highway than my old 4-cylinder "Mommy Van" I get 19 city and 22 hwy mileage. Not great, but about what I got with my other 4 cylinder van. I can fold down and tumble up the seats to fit two dog crates in it and this weekend I fit an ocean kayak in it! It does everything I ask of it.
Averaging 23 MPG so far - 19-20 City and 28 highway with the standard engine and 4-speed automatic. Note: I don't exceed the speed limits and only use the air conditioning on the hottest days. Absolutely no problems so far - everything works as it is supposed to. Engine performance is fine for me - better than the 2002 Ford Focus with stnadard engine that I was driving, with gas mileage about 2 MPG less than the Focus.
The mileage is just awful. How could a 4 cyl compact car in '07 get such bad mileage? Shame on you Chrysler. I have under 20K Mi and have been to the dealer 4 times. My PT stalled out on me 2 times! Embarassing for a new car. Check Eng light came on and off regularly, finally it was diagnosed as oxygen sensor. Clear lens on dash developed 2 cracks, A/C made noise when recurculate was turned on and off. All fixed politely by my accomodating dealer, however it is a hassle. I dread long term reliability and would sell right now if not for huge loss. Front seats have stains from water spills? Should have gone for the HHR for the extra 3-4K $. I do not recomend this car 
Rented a PT Cruiser for a week long trip through the Florida Keys. It was MUCH more "fun" than I would have expected - I'm 6'3 and the driving position was more comfortable than most vehicles. The Touring Turbo has pretty good pick-up and handling was really good for such a tall vehicle. VERY impressed with the fit and finish.
I love my pale yellow PT. It's really a head turner. The car is so comfortable to drive. Its peppy. The ride is absolutely firm and first rate. Material quality is very good. This car is really quiet on the freeway. And, I got a lot of really great equipment with the PT. Be sure to get a Touring level with the Signature Package. The chrome wheels look great with the car. The Boston Acoustics Sound System is a must as is XM Radio. I am really doing to enjoy this car a lot. I was not expecting this much WOW factor. 
Bought my Sebring 10 months ago with 20,000 miles. I have 40,000 now. I spend at least 2 hours a day in it. I am enjoying its drive, the sound system and have had no trouble at all.
 I waited two years before writing review. Have had this car for two years almost and have had only two problems. First brakes had to be replaced after 10 months appox 11,000 miles. Dealer replaced pads, rotors no questions asked. Second a small bubble on dashboard when sun hits it. Great gas mileage 32 hwy 24 city. Very reliable, good acceleration on exprssway for 4 cly auto. Handles great snow rain. Don't drive it like a sports car and I think you will have this vehicle for a long time. First Chrysler product I have ever owned and happy I purchased it.
I bought this 2007 Chrysler sebring in 2997 with 25,000 miles on it. And this car has given me a lot of surprises and upsets. First in less than 1 year there were 2 recalls on the car, than just a few months a go the check engine light went on and now just 2 days a go it started over heating. I took it to the dealer but they couldn't find anything. This car is full of surprises in less than 2 years now and I am fed up with this. This might be the worst car that I ever had with this kind of problem. I only drive 30 miles a day and things like this is kinda considered stupid for Chrysler. Don't buy this car it only looks good but bad performance. 
Have had this car for two years 25500 miles on it so far excellent. I have serviced it oil every 5000 rotate tires and get 32 hwy and 22 city. No problems except the rotors replaced at 12000 under warranty, gave me a loner for the day. Sirius radio is great. Handles in snow and rain wonderful,plenty of pickup getting on the expressway, love the styling and get compliments on it all the time. Its not a sports car, or muscle racer and but a daily driver so treat it as such and this auto will be very reliable.
This car I call the American version of the Yugo. In the six months my wife has had this car, the serpentine belt has been replaced three times, the air conditioner compressor has been replaced twice, the gear shift stuck in park when she parked on a slight incline, the front bumper has separated from the panels above because it is attached with flimsy bolts. The panel under the motor is missing, probably fell off on the highway somewhere. The interior is cheap plastic, noisy when it idles. Chrysler has been bailed out twice by the American taxpayer. Why? They can't sell junk cars. 
I had a lot of cars,some of the the best american mfg's on the road. I'm driveing the 2.7 eng. and getting great fuel economy 22/33. I,ve worked in the truck and auto industry for 40 yrs. and this vech. is a good one, no it's not a Lincoln Marc VIII, Izusu Axiom,Ford LTD, Mustang Gt5spd,but its a darn good american made auto. My wife and I are very happy with ours. 
Car stalls randomly when stopped. Dealer can find "nothing" wrong. Car occasionally drivings at 5000 RPM when doing only about 60 MPH. Again, dealer can find no cause, says there is "no code" so they can't help you. Offered me the option to turn it into the bank or use it as a trade (less than 1 year later for greatly less than I paid.) Would NEVER purchase form this dealer or this car EVER again.
My car has only 5,000 miles and I have taken it back for repairs 5 times. It occassionally stalls when I put it in drive. The battery died twice, and the stereo shuts off and turns back on by itself. The dealer said there is nothing wrong with it.
i have had this car for almost 2 years now. when i was first going to buy a car for my wife i test drove many other models in the midsized sedan market. this one stood out for a few reasons, a great stereo and a long list of features this is the touring 2.4 liter model. first anyone who buys a car for reliability doesn't love cars or even car, they just want it to run so don't right a review. this car has had not had a single problem. don't drive it like you stole it and service it and it shouldn't. this car was cheaper than any of the other makes and looks way more expensive. it has more features and if you aren't reviewing the car like ze Germans then then you realize this is a nice car
Truly is the best car I've ever had. Love the new body style, love everything about it.
Do not get me wrong this is a really good car, the only issue I have with it is the brakes. It seems that the braking system is not strong enough for the car, now that might be how they make cars today, but its not smart. I found out that I needed brakes (at around 10,000 miles) when I went to stop and the vehicle did not want to and then you heard a horrible grinding noise, only to find out that there was nothing left to the pads, they had worn down with no notification whatsoever, some saftey light would have been nice. Just something to consider.
I got this car as a company vehicle last year July 2007. I have the 2.7L V6 engine. I must say, the car is very stylish from the outside but basically, car is a piece of crap! I took this car in several times to the dealership for various repairs. Problems that stand out for me is the following - Car dies intermittenly at low speeds. When making left turns, car makes a growling noise. At stops, sometimes car sputters, then surges forward when foot is on brake. If you don't have to drive it and leave it parked the car get 10's all around. Once you drive it the car gets 1's all around! I will never ever purchase a Chrysler product. No wonder the 3 big American car companies are going out of business!
I purchased my 07 Sebring new, and put 25K miles in one year. In this time it only needed one minor fix to the trunk release. I have the 2.4l 4 cyl, and no issues with pep. I'm a bit surprised by some reviews that report lack of pep. I travel a lot, and have driven many rental cars with 4 cyl. engines. I don't think any of them have as much go or more power than my Sebring. On the highway it's quite and handles far better than I expected for the price I paid. On one recent highway trip I got 35 mpg doing mostly 70 mph. My only concern is if Chrysler will stay in business to honor the life time power- train warranty that came with my car for no extra cost! 
I went to a Nissan dealership, and drove away with a Chrysler. I'm a college student, wanted to get something I wouldn't have to pray would break down on me. Test drove a few Nissans then I test drove the Sebring, and then took it home. I love the way the car looks. It's great on gas, and the sound system is great. People have been complaining about the pick up, I think the car is quite peppy, and when I'm on the highway I don't even realize how fast I'm going sometimes. The inside feels sorta like a airplane cockpit, but I love my car ! I love the gas mileage it rivals a Honda, or Nissan . Not bad for an American made car
I bought the Sebring about a month ago. I absolutely hate this car. It sounds terrible. Never know what noises I'm going to hear each day. Kind of fun to drive but so noisy and uncomfortable it's hard to get past anything else. Please ask if you can take car for a few days and drive before you buy to make sure it's what you want. Wish I would have. Not fun just sick to my stomach that I'm in this car for a long time. I wish I could hire someone to run it off of a cliff. 
I leased my Sebring when they were brand new to the showrooms. It was a great car that handled well, has great features like Sirius satellite radio, 6 in dash CD player and most importantly UConnect. I found it so much easier to use than the Trailblazer I had. The four cylinder engine had more than enough power to take us where we were going and in the year and a half I had the car, no problems to report. The greatest concern with the car is safety. The car was in an accident which rendered it a complete loss. The car was hit head on and the air bags never went off. Thankfully my children weren't in the car but I did suffer chest pain from hitting the steering wheel. 
I purchased this vehicle a few weeks ago. Just got my license plate yesterday. I already want to return it. I love this car, especially the way it looks. But I'm already experiencing problems. Twice the ignition made a sound when cranking as if the starter was getting ready to quit on me and the brakes makes a funny noise only when I'm backing up. Now today it rained while i was at work and i hear water swishing around in the back, my husband says it sounds like it's coming from the back passenger door. It sounds like a LOT of water, not a little. Although i'm under warranty i think i'm going to return it and find me something else. Beware of the Chrysler Sebring!
I was just getting used to the car, driving it back and forth to work, one fine day on my way home, I stopped at my local home improvement store, I got out of the car, and walked into the store, within minutes my car had caught fire. So be careful there is something going on with this car, that Chrysler has not recognized as of yet. If anyone else has had this problem please call Chrysler and inform them of this problem.
We own a Ford Freestyle Limited and wanted something smaller like a Camry. I travel a lot and needed better gas mileage. I was amazed when I test drove the Sebring. So glad I did, it is great on gas and sporty! I had only owned Toyota's (2 Camry's, 1 Corolla) and and one Ford (which we still have)...I love this Chrysler. My two daughters are anxious to drive it when they are old enough - they liked the body style as much as I do. This car has been better than I expected.
I bought this car with less then 100 mi. Started having problems 2 days after I took it home. Had problems with the check engine light- had to replace the PCP. Had problems with the sunroof/spoiler. The car makes noises when you start it and power steering make cluck noises when you turn corners. Took it back to the dealership for the 8th time but they say these problems were just the way the car was built. Please don't buy this car unless you want a noisy car. Looks nice from outside but the engine sounds very loud. I just recently noticed a gaping crack where the bumper meets the rest of the car. Looks to be pulling away. Back to the shop it will go!!
I was toying with buying a used luxury car and decided to look at a new lesser model. I was impressed with the options this had. I drive a long way to work so the gas mileage was a huge plus. Didn't really care too much about the lack of pick up. This car has just as much options as the used luxury car I was going to get without all the miles!
After test driving the following vehicles Dodge Charger, Chevy Malibu, Hyundai Sonata, Mercury Milan (twin to Ford Fusion), Nissan Altima, Mercury Sable, I decided on the Sebring. Reason: best ride for the money. More substantial with better drive and road handling than the Sonata, Milan or Altima. The Charger and Sable are the only ones that could compare to the Sebring. The Charger is very solid but more money and less MPG. The New Sebring introduced in 07 is far better than the old Sebring with improved ride and handling. I purchase the Limited with the four cylinder 2.4 L engine. Good power for a four banger and far less noise that the Altima. 
Bought car nov of 07. I have taken it on three trips of approx 800 miles gas mileage 34 on hwy and approx 22 city. On the highway very nice cruiser. I have no problems with the 4 cyl pickup is fine. Heater stereo excellent, seats are firm, but I like that, I commute on the thruway with three main mergers and power is fine. Great in the snow. Traded in a Saab 9.5 glad I did.
I saw this car I thought wow this is a really nice car I like this. I took it for a drive I seemed to really like the feel of the car and was really impressed with the car for the price. What a mistake. I have had nothing but trouble. I have had 4 water leaks in my car, and I don't mean little I mean about two inches of water in there. After the fourth time of this they think they have it fixed. My air conditioning has gone out twice and my blinkers blink even when they are not in use. My windshield wipers are tearing up my windshield for the third time as well. I know you are thinking oh she just got a lemon well the dealer said this is about the 15 car with the same problems. 
I have had this car for about 4-6 months & have had it to the shop a lot for electrical problems & broken seal on the radiator overflow. It is still under factory warranty as it only had 19,000 miles on it when I got it. Carfax had no bad reports on it at all. I am concerned about the electrical problems as they have had to replace the battery & 2 different electrical modules with the low number of miles on this. I am wondering what else might happen. It was a one owner car from Alaska & there are no records to see what problems they had. Do you think I might have a lemon? John
This is the worst car ever. I have had nothing but problems since I got it. The dealership where I got it is horrible. Not friendly at all. Way too many problems. There is a long list. I believe that I have had 3 alternators within 3 months of having the car. I would not recommend it. I don't care what other people are saying about it. The worst car ever.
This is an awesome car, inside and out. Very sporty looking and for a 4door family sedan, when paired with the 3.5 V6 and 6 speed automatic, you tend to forget your driving a family vehicle. The engine is whisper quite and provides plenty of pep around town and on the highway. Be careful 80 feels like 40. This is my third Chrysler in a row. Before these last three vehicles I was exclusively a European car buyer. I was originally in the market for a Pasat or Audi A4, but the value in the New Sebring Sedan was too much to pass up. Especially considering from the back it looks like an Audi and the side it looks like a BMW
This is simply a beautiful car, inside and out. Meant for being a boulevard cruiser rather than a racecar. Got the touring with every option except leather, and got the 2.7 V6 for the E85 capability. The engine, while somewhat slow, sounds really nice and refined, and the four speed shifts without making a fuss. This is by far the smoothest car I've ever driven/riden in (it is my dad's primarily), and 90 feels like 40. 
I own a 2007 Sebring Limited V6, and I absoloutley love it. This is my first American car, I have allways owned Eurpoan vehicles and I like it much better than European or even Japanese. Exceptional audio system by Boston, way much better than Bose!! 
We decided to give the Sebring Limited a try as a midsize. The major imports we looked at seemed to be getting bloated and were just plain boring(No spark). The car is just the right size, has great styling and handles extremely well. Twisty roads are a real blast with the precision steering and suspension. The 3.5l engine has lots of power and has a pleasant tone when you get your foot into it. We've had the car for about 4 months now and it has been trouble free. The build quality is excellent and the interior design is pleasant and unique with high quality material. The seats are very comfortable. We're expecting great service out of this car like our old LHS, +100k and no troubles
A Sebring wasn't even on my next car list several years ago but the redesigned 2007 changed all that. I bought the 3.5L V6 for better performance and, combined with the 6- speed autostick, it doesn't disappoint me. I think it has every option except the moonroof, which I didn't want anyway. I love the Inferno Red color with the chrome accents and the interior with the MyGIG navigation system looks sharp. Little things like the nice, solid sound and feel of the door closing tells me it's a quality built car. It is so quiet and smooth on the highway.
 I felt this was a great buy. I was looking for a good solid car that was good on gas. Being a Chrysler minivan owner I was a little more inclined to be less harsh on the product because I had such good luck with my van. But with that said the Sebring surprised me on looks inside and out. The equipment I have on the car that listed for $22,400. So far it has exceeded my expecatations 
At the age of 62 - and after only God knows how may different cars - I have finally found the one I absolutely love. When I bought it, I frankly did so for the looks and comfort - which are both outstanding. Since then, I have grown to love it for the great vehicle it is. I was afraid of getting a 4 cylinder; but decided to go for it for the mileage. I have been happy to find the pickup to be wonderful. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants good looks and great performance.
This car is a significant improvement over the last generation. I have the 3.5 V6. It is super-quick and fun to drive. The seats could be a little more comfortable. The gas mileage isn't as great but I wanted the big engine. I like the four-door Crossfire look and the interior design. The Limited is worth looking into if the wallet will let you. Fit and finish could be a shade better but overall an excellent car. 
The car is very roomy. The gas mileage was a major factor in purchasing the vehicle. Gas mileage averaging around 27 mpg, that includes city and highway driving. I got the touring model. First front wheel drive vehicle I owned, I like it. I would recomend this vehicle to family and friends.
Chrysler has completely outdone themselves with re-designing the 07' Sebring. There isn't much leg room in the back seating area and the sound system wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Other than those 2 minor things.. I absolutely love everything about this car and if you're thinking about purchasing one.. don't think any more. Go out, get your best price and buy it!
When looking for a new car I happened upon the Sebring. I started looking at it just for the styling. Then I drove one and fell in love with it. It is a lot of car for the money. I just don't like to buy anything but American and this in my opinion is the best mid-sized American car for the money. I liked the 2.7L V6 in the Touring with it's E85 capability and the 18-inch wheels are definitely a plus. It rides like a much more expensive car and it very quiet on the interstate when cruising at 82mph. I am very happy so far with 522 miles driven, hopefully many more.
My first full tank of fuel averaged me 37 mpg. That is way more than I expected. I like this car for its solid feel and good handling, inside trim, non glare dash, side air bags. I feel the seats are too small and too firm, the engineers should be required to test drive for at least a 300 mile trip and that would insure better and more comfortable seats. The engine is noisy going through gears while accelerating but at highway speeds I do not hear it. The trade off for the fuel economy is well worth it. Buy the car!
It feels like you are driving a car that costs a lot more. The ride is very smooth. Acceleration is very good for a four cylinder. The trip computer reads as high as 35mpg. But I calculated mileage myself and I'm getting 32.5. I drive 90% highway. 
I've had this car for about a week and I am pleasantly surprised. The touring model has tons of standard features that are options in other cars.
we were looking for a new vehicle. but we were not ready to jump up quite yet to a SUV. (for obvious reasons $$). lets just say I'm a bigger dude and the touring was a nice jump up in size from our honda accord sedan. the 17 inch wheels made it a little easier to get in and out. great ride!
We bought ours a few weeks ago and really enjoy the ride. This is a very quiet vehicle with plenty of space and leg room. Good handling. Still getting used to the width since I've driven a jeep for the last 6 years.
The 2007 went in a wind tunnel, all holes got plugs and heavy glass, triple door seals. So quiet!
Very smooth ride. It feels like a luxury car. Much improved over my 2004 model. By getting the smaller engine, I was able to spend a little more on the interior features.
This is my 1st new car, third car I've owned in my lifetime. I love this car. I bought it right when the midwest snow storms started and it handles very well. The stabilization system has come in handy and my ABS is wonderful. The V6 option gives the car a smooth ride. 
I used to own an Eagle vision, so it's nice to see the little things Chrysler has fixed in the last decade. I have a Touring with 2.7 V6, Boston speakers (NICE!), U-Connect (VERY NICE!), and power sunroof. The car gets some stares because it's new. I'm still under 500 mi, so no hi-revving for me. Taking my first trip (900 mi round-trip) this weekend to see how it handles on the highway. So far, so good. Got 350 mi on my first tank of gas in the city. 
I really like this car i am so happy i bought one. It is sexy sleek, and rides so smooth. The sound quality is fabulous. 
I'm a proud FORD owner, however my family works at JEEP and I get the EC discount. I leased my Sebring for 159 a month and the 2006 model is VERY boring. This 2007 model grabs from the 300C and the Crossfire. Its very affordable. The people that don't like this car because they want BMW or AUDI style and performance and want to pay like a KIA. Seriously give this car a try, this comes from a FORD person. FYI go for the V6 its much better!
After driving a van for the past 7 years it was nice to go back to a sedan. We love the look. It is sporty and the front seat sits higher than most sedans. For being a small sedan it gives the driver and passenger plenty of room. I am really pleased with the overall performance of the car. It doesn't feel like the 4 cylinder engines I was used to. 
The engineers at Chrysler should have taken a little more time in over hauling this car. More thought could have made this car more elegant. The interior could have been made a little less retro disco era and they could have give us more leg room and more comfortable seats. The 2.7 engine has no get up and go. They could have easily had to options the 4 cylinder or the other 6 cylidar, the 2.7 is not necessary. Also the moon roof could have been a little bit bigger. Being that the 300 M & Concords were eliminated, they really could have done better with the quality.
It's love at first sight with this car. The exterior design is sleek,smooth,and seductive. The '07 Sebring is right at home riding along side any other luxury sedan that you may encounter while riding around town. Once my wife and I sat inside the car we found it to be comfortable for our size(I'm 6'3/225) and it still leaves room for our girls in the back .Easy to read instrument panel and easy to reach dash controls. Driver seat manual controls for the base model are adequate,and the 2.4L engine rates about a seven getting on the interstate. The steering is tight and moves when you move and the gas mileage is excellent.I would recommend anyone to take the sebring out on a date and enjoy the day
I bought this car 3 weeks ago and absolutely hate it. It's the worse piece of crap I have ever rode/drove.The seats are cheap and very uncomfortable, and there is little if no leg room or hip room. If you are over 5 5 forget you have no head room. I feel very confined sitting in this car.The dash is made of this nasty cheap plastic with a silver tin accent and looks like hell.The moon roof is not very big compared to my other car and even thou I have the 2.7 v6 engine it is still sluggish. The head rest in the front seats are at an awkward angle so that you feel like your head is constantly being pushed forward. Its gas mileage is very good. Chrysler should dump this and bring back the 300 M
This a fun car to drive. It handles very well and the 2.4 has plenty of power for those of us who are looking for reliable transportation at an affordable price. It is easy to parallel park which is great for my wife. Even the low end model includes many features I paid extra for in our previous car. 
I was a proud owner of the 1999 Chrysler Sebring LXi. I truly enjoyed driving that one until I went in to the dealership for service and the new 2007 model was staring at me. It called me over for a test drive and forced me to buy it. I love it! It drives like a sporty car but has the feel of a small luxury car.
this car is the best sedan on the market. how the engineers at Chrysler can make such a drastic improvement to an already work of art is beyond my understanding
I will never purchase another Chrysler. Honda, here I come! Tried to support American cars for most of my life. This car has me swearing never again. Replaced a power window motor, the power steering motor and something else with in the steering wheel, had 2 bad tires (drove with a flat-sensor didn't come on), replaced brakes at 18K, it's in now for bad roof leaking in 3 spots and a sunroof rattle. Door plates surrounding the power window buttons are rubbing down/showing signs of wear (I never use them!) and so are the seats--I have 25K miles on the van- -mostly from 3 long trips!! I haven't even had it 2 yrs. Bad gas mileage-- not even 17 MPG. Worst car I've ever owned! Poorest quality!
I absolutely love this vehicle! It is so comfortable, and for a van, the gas mileage is very good (at least 20 mpg).
Leased this vehicle in Feb. 07 and just mailed Chrysler the check to purchase it. My wife is the principal driver and she loves it. She would not even consider getting a new vehicle when the lease is up. Went 2 to dealers to look at new vehicles and she walked out because she has her heart set on keeping this vehicle. No problems at all. The only things done in 2 years of use is oil changes every 3,000 miles and front and rear brakes. Van is loaded with every option available in the Signature Series. The van is extremely practical, my only complaint is ITS A MINI VAN. 
I've owned quite a few automobiles/trucks over the years,but, this definitely has had the most problems.First,transmission rebuild at 13,000 miles.Now at 27,000 miles and the transmission will slap into 2nd gear at low speeds. Also, tie-rods replaced at 27,000 miles! Service adviser said probably because the tie- rods were made for cars and couldn't take the weight of the van. I've worked on cars myself and have NEVER seen a tie-rod go at 27,000 miles! Check the internet, I'm not the only one.I know foreign makes have there problems also,but,I'm really disappointed in a $32,000 vehicle. 
Can't say enough about this van.Has been excellent since bought. crossed the country three times with no problems or discomfort. Gass mileage great 30 on hwy 22 city. use full synthic oil only and mileage explodes upward. Do not regret this buy.
We lease this Signature Series Touring T&C. My wife is the primary driver and she loves it. This vehicle replaced a 2004 Pacifica, which I loved. After 30,000 miles, the only maintenance other than oil changes has been front brake pads. Visibility is much better than the Pacifica. We have the navigation system, the DVD system, the satellite radio, leather interior, and sun roof. Lease ends in May and my wife likes this van so much, she wants to buy it rather than get a new one. Vehicle is comfortable to drive and ride in, the carrying capacity is unbelievable, and as much as I hate to admit, it is very good family vehicle (I never thought we would own a minivan). My only complaint gas mileage
We needed a second vehicle and decided on a mini van. After searching internet sources we settle on an 07 T&C with 15,000 miles. The day we went to see it a last minute check turned up the same model with only 5,000 on it. I was skeptical to say the least. It turned out to be a Chrysler exec car with 5,000 miles and still had the new car showroom smell. You can't fake that. We love it. Our other car is a Caddy Deville and while our van is not a Caddy, it is equally comfortable on long trips. The gas mileage with under 10,000 on it now is better than the Caddy.I am getting 20-22 mph in town and upwards of 25 on the highway. I can only wait until the mileage gets up there and better MPG.
So I had to replace both electric motors on sliding doors also both tie rod ends both front wheel brake pads, and I only got 20,000 miles on it. I've never seen such poor workmanship on a new vehicle. No wonder Chrysler cannot compete with the competition
This is my second Chrysler. I have a child in a wheelchair and this vehicle was the best as far as space available inside for chair and passengers. The first was bottom line and cheaper than other brand minivans. It gave me nothing but problems. The second time around I decided to get top of line, Chrysler Town and Country Touring, maxed out. Bad choice. It wasn't any better. Air conditioner poblems from leaking inside to blowing all kinds of ways, the shocks are horrible they actually squeek with every little bump. I went to have them replaced but are on back order. The ride is so rough. Gas mileage is horrible. Short in outlets and many others. This will be my last Chrysler and Dodge!
I have owned a Touring for 15 months and no problems. Recently,the passenger side airbag light came on after I gave a ride to a 250 pound friend, my wife is 120 pounds. I think that was because of the Occupant Classification System. Good gas mileage on highway but very disappointing in town. I am very happy with the van's features, but the trip computer is a bit complicated--particularly to check out while on the road. I just moved my daughter into her college duplex. We had her things in storage over the summer, and I moved her things to the duplex. I thought it would take 5 or 6 trips, but we did it in two, an amazing amount of storage with the 2nd and 3rd row seats down.
I will never buy any Chrysler. This vehicle is been at the dealer multiple times for many problems, brakes, battery, AC, noises, vibrations, transmission, axles,and more. The service experience is been horrible. last time they had to replace the transmission torque converter for shifting problems and the service adviser said that the problem with a defective shaft was caused by not rotating the tires, what? They think people don't know how to search for information these days. 
Bought this van used with 18k on it. Was a rental for a car company. It is basic with few bells and whistles, but the fuel mileage is great! On a long trip of nearly 800 miles I averaged as high as 29.7 on interstate with three adults and two children in it! (headwind and hill changes it quickly) But there is no problem averaging 22.7 all around combined mileage. Very pleased with the fuel given the high price of gas. The interior is basic. Mid-row seats are kind of small and not a lot of room between 2nd and 3rd row, but we were used to a full-size conversion and it is a 'mini-van.' Pleased with our purchase and would recommend as an economical option for one with small children.
I bought the 07 base T&C, in a pinch. I didn't do my research, I wish I did. I got the base model, and the only thing I got was the DVD system, BUT headphones weren't available for this trim (nor was the van wired for them). Bogus. Not only that, but there are no air conditioning vents in the back!! We had to get a clip fan from an autoparts store so my son wouldn't be so hot. Nobody warned me, also, that half of the van's value is lost in the first year, I paid 17k (+ some neg. equity) and a year later, I can't get more than 9k for it. 9!!! That's terrible. I am very unhappy and because of this I am never buying a Chrysler or minivan again. 
The only minus on my town and country is that the clock goes off when the radio/dvd goes off. Would like to know whose silly idea that was!! Other wise it is wonderful!!
I really wish I would've taken my time in buying this vehicle. It handles horribly, it feels like the steering wheel goes side to side when driving. It veers the right, the dealership told me it was the tire pressure (not) its not fuel efficient. The seat belts on 2nd row seating make it hard for people to get to the 3rd row seating. Probably because its a bench seat, but that was bad engineering on Chryslers part. The side view mirrors are manual. Hello this is the millennium. So is the clock, you have to put a pen in the clock to change the time. Again, I was rushed, wish I would've taken my time. I wouldn't buy it again. Oh yeah the 2nd row seats sit so close the front row! No space for my kids!
This is our second T&C van, amazingly I purchased this one new with more options than our first van which was a used Limited. The Stow and Go seating is great, but you give up seat comfort for this feature. Our old van seats where much softer and more comfortable. People are knocking power, but I just drove this 2000 miles on vacation at 80 MPH and never once did I feel underpowered! My family loves this car and with good maintenance fully expect it to last 10 years. Without a car payment for 5 of those years I will pay my kids college tuition.
This is the 3rd and the worst Town & Country I have owned. It rattles and chatters @40 mph in the front end. Dealer says it's the road, Loud and noisy front end, Dealer says that's normal. I had a old 50's pick- up truck that clunked and rattled less. Not fun to drive cause you are never sure if or when something in the front end is going to fall off or break. Excessive wind and road noise. Can't wait to trade it off for a modern vehicle
I have purchased this van for $17000 out the door. It had 20000 miles on it. I have owned sports car, luxury car, SUV and by far this is the best vehicle ever (comfort, storage, mpg etc) for this price. I was shooting for Toyota but could not touch anything with this year and mileage below $23000. Everybody is wanting more power. If you want to do passing at 80 mph maybe you need to consider sports car not a van. Rides like a luxury. 
We have owned the T&C for one year and have not had to go in for any warranty repairs at all. Just normal maintanence. The only thing I can fault is the engine power, could be better. Very comfortable to drive.
We love to drive this van. I had a deer total my 2001 Ford Taurus. My family loves to travel and camp. We purchased the van for comfort and storage. The real test of this van is this next summer, when we go camping, weather or not it fits all our camping gear and us. We have taken the van a its first road trip and it preformed very well, MPG 22.5. 
This T&C does not measure up to my 1997 LX. Quality of interior materials, wind noise, and a terrible stereo need to be addressed. Poor gas mileage. 
I drive a lot so I see good and bad about a vehicle. My 2nd minivan but 1st Chrysler. No above bars to assist getting in/out of vehicle, layout of radio and heat controls poor, window controls not good because very close to manual door lock. Seat is okay but behind neck is very uncomfortable. Tires have tread but terrible traction. Feel like vehicles not setting tight on the road. Radio poor reception. Vehicle often feels like it may stall and difficulty accelerating. Blind view areas. Layout of window defrost blows air in your eyes. Uneven dashboard near defrost vents and speakers causes bad reflections in sun. I strongly feel it will cause me to hit something on the right side.
My 07 base Town and Country is a gas hog. Mileage is awful in town. I have never made a trip in it. I am sure I will get about 15 mpg on highway.
With all the accolades surrounding the Chrysler mini-van, I expect a good vehicle. Instead, this vehicle seems to be a work in progress. The cruise control couldn't control the speed. The radio was weak in picking up stations. The overhead controls for fuel mileage, etc, were confusing
As much as I tried to like this minivan, I just can't and here's why. Buzzy engine when downshifting to pass other cars at freeway speeds. Scared my wife more than once when downshifting. Steering wheel controls at the back of the steering wheel? Not very intuitive. Very soft suspension. Not inspiring a lot of confidence while driving around the mountains of Denver, CO. Not even full leather seating surfaces or if it is, I can't tell. The main seat was leather but the side edges on the seat top felt suspiciously like vinyl. Yes, having legacy worker benefits to support does take away from the competitiveness of this minivan compared to others.
This is my third T/C lease, and it seems they've been getting more boring, less powerful, less fuel efficient, but with all the familiar shortcomings. Warped rotors that will need turning/replacing at 25-30K, barge-like handling, barely adequate brakes, and a woefully underpowered 6- speaker sound system. The only time I'm happy in this car is when I've got passengers and gear, and I'm travelling on the highway in a straight line. 
This is the best minivan that we have ever had. It is very comfortable and has plenty of power for going up mountains with a load. Brakes are excellent, and handling and ride are superior.
This was our first new car in 25 years. Wife loves the stow & go feature of the van. We've put 10,000 miles on so far with no issues. Van is comfortable and we love the power sliding doors and rear liftgate. We've been able to haul several large items that would have never fit in a car. Still too early to tell about gas mileage. Would definitely buy another Chrysler minivan.
I traded in my Lexus RX300 for a minivan. This has all the features I had plus more (DVD and auto doors/trunk). I love that the doors open so I don't have to fool with my 14 month old, diaper bag, infant (w/carrier), and shopping bags. It's not as lush as the Lexus, but it gets the job done. It's loaded, but still not comparable. I wish there was a higher end model that felt like a luxury SUV inside.
The 2007 is our third T&C - traded in our 1997 with 150,000+ miles on it - still running. We also have a 2003 T&C that has been problem-free. Looked at others but there's no way they have the comfort, reliablity and features the T&C has. The leather stow n go seats are quite a bit more comfortable than those in a 2005 touring version I have ridden in - not bad at all. We will be looking forward to not removing seats every time we want to haul something or take our dogs for an extended drive. The quality of the leather on T&C's seats is also a cut above other vans and it's a quieter minivan than others. It's a good value for us.
This is our 2nd Town and Country. Loved the first and hope this one is as good as that one was. Like driving it. Miss the hand grips above. Stow and go is really a great feature, but you give up comfort in the back seats. Mileage on old van was 18 around town. Don't expect to do much better with this or any other van. No trips required back to the dealer for quality issues.. amazing.
We love to take long trips in our t&c. This is our 3rd one. VERRY HAPPY AGAIN...
Nice ride if a little floaty but overall nice. Very nice dash and good night lighting. Seats are comfortable and the Stow and Go is a dream. I do not know the problem everyone has with power but there is enough here. If I need more then I am in the wrong place doing something I should not. Engine is very smooth so I see no need for the DOHC. Overall, well worth the money. 
I just purchased a 2007! I drove all brands of vans, crossover SUVs. There isn't a vehicle out there that rides, drives and delivers value like the T&C Limited!! I had a 2000 Limited! They just keep building a great machine with a lot of comforts! Power doors and back lift gate are wonderful, Stow & Go is great!
We have had several Chrysler Minivans and have been pleased until this one. We must have purchased it too quickly. All of the seats are not as comfortable as any of the others (not as much padding. The 3rd seat is embarrassing to friends, it cuts the ack of my legs and my toes touch to back of the second seat. I am 4 ft.11". Also there are no hand pulls inside, which is bad for us and our friends. Maxine Kiger
This is my Fifth Town & Country and Caravan in 10 years. Both me and my wife have one. Every time my lease is up I look at all the vehicles from Honda, Toyota and Hyundai. They can't hold a candle to the looks and value of these Chrysler vehicles. I can't wait for the new 2008 model. 
The van is great! The stow and go seating is so much nicer than my Aerostar had.
At first we were very impressive about its smooth drive but later on we found that it becomes bumpy. It could be we get used to it and don't feel the smoothness anymore. Overall it is a good van with the price but we would consider Honda or Toyota for the next purchase.
I simply love my new Town & Country. It has all of the features that I wanted. I had a 2004 Toyota Sienna that i wanted to shoot a gun at. After 11,000 miles the Toyota was rattling like it was going to fall apart. The engine sounded like it had marbles in it. The doors never closed right from the beginning. I went looking for a new van, and after driving the Toyota and Honda, the Chrysler won hands down. I want to trade my Accord for a new Sebring, too. No more boring Japanese for me.
Before I purchased this vehicle I drove the matrix and other comparable vehicles also I compared them for saftey and found that caliber was by far the best buy, now that I've owned it for 3 years and have friends that have over 100,000 miles with no problems, I'm convinced that my next vehicle will be another caliber I like the hard quality interior it stands up much better then the soft plastic. All about the car gives it high rating in my books. and unlike the others I feel safer driving it. I'm glad I didn't listen to the so-called experts that judge a vehicle for interior trim. 
I traded in a very nice 2004 Jeep Liberty for this thing, I got it out of the showroom. (GOD I wish it were back in there.) I've had it at the dealership for fuel smell in the car while driving. They say they can't find anything wrong with it, my husbands a mechanic he says their crazy, but it's under warranty so they should fix it. I've had to have it lined up because it eats tires up on the inside, and I'm fixing to replace tires for the 2nd time, it only has 31,000 miles on it. I really wish I could trade it in, but the Dodge place only offered me $9,000 for it and it is in excellent shape, they know the cars are junk.
2007 Caliber SXT 2.0L w CVT. Currently at 83000 KM or 52000 Miles. Very reliable .. only repair was a lower control arm which had to be replaced (apparently common cause dealer had 7 in stock Drivers side only) Car interior is not designed for anyone 6 ft or taller. I'm 6'5" and my right knee is always rubbing against the center console. Blind spots are bad.
when i frist got my car peaple would turn there heads when i drove by.and told me they loved the color.it was sunburst orange.
Bought mine used w/13000 miles on it.Now have 25000 miles with no problems.Orginal tires w/good tread and no uneven wear issues.Love the interior b/c it is easy to wipe and clean (important w/2 young kids :).No transmission or other issues some have discussed-think that has to do mostly w/how you drive your car.Only complaint is that I only average 20 city & about 25 highway (nowhere near the 26-32 advertised :().Also, have CVT and acceleration could be smoother when getting out of 2nd gear to highway speeds.
I own a 2007 Dodge Caliber R/T AWD. This is the baddest gas guzzler yet of the Caliber models. I swear I get 15 miles a gallon w/ it. The window ticket claims 32 highway miles a gallon...yeah right. If I pull out into traffic I am so afraid I'll get T-Boned cause it doesn't GO! It goes when it wants too. I blow threw tires like mad! On my third set in 2, yes I sad 2 years. Dealership wouldn't even see if there was anything wrong w/ the car. Blamed it on on the tires. "It's the tires, NOT the car." Gimme a break already. Now I'm at 46K and my warranty is up, but I got the 3 year extended that Chrysler has no info on!!! I'll never by another dodge. 
After reading all the other reviews, I can't believe how lucky I've been with my car. In fact, I'm retiring in 6 years and plan on keeping this car for my retirement car. I've had over 20 cars in the past (sports cars too) but really put this one close to the top. We had 48 inches of snow on the ground last year, and I never once had a problem with driving! Handles great-- and this is on snowy, curvy country roads. Chrysler offers a Lifetime Warranty now (if you have the lifetime powertrain) and I'm in the process of purchasing that--just in case. The only thing I've had go wrong, is the signal switch broke last week and it had to be replaced. Not bad for 410000 miles!
My 07Caliber kicks like a bronco when it changes gears, metal plates break from the bottom, my cup holders randomly don't light up, I've have to replace the struts, springs, tierods, rotors, brakes, tires...I personally would not recommend this car. My car now has 46K and not covered under the warranty anymore.
i got this vehicle in oct.o7 i have own close to 30 cars all types and this car is very good it is 2.0 some say they are slow not this one i get about 32 miles to a gal.hwy 26 city this is a grate car and with only 12000 miles and 12 more payments iam hook /// iam keeping this car tell the wheels fall off Csmile) people should check this one out they will be surprise. almost forgot and for those who has one go to a kn air filter
I just bought this car just a few weeks ago for my son, he loves it and so do i. it has a great exterior and interior, and runs great too. However as soon as we got it home the brakes or brake pedal squeaks. It is very annoying but the dealership said they would try to fix it so i can only hope. Overall this is a great car and i would recommend it to anyone
The R/T moves and handles very well. The 2.4L "world engine" developed by Daimler, the AWD/suspension and 18"wheels are the difference. Very good fit and finish. Lesser models of the Caliber are adequate, but sound and ride like something the Russians would make. 
We spend a great deal of travel time in the car; to and from work, family matters, and or just in weekend pleasure. Choosing the purchase of car we drive says a great deal about you. I'm impressed with the Caliber's simple, yet sexy exterior body form. It's unique design is so smoothly unisex the owner's gender is undetectable. The interior also stately designed to feed, masculine and feminine egos, ample room, big instrument knobs and easy manipulations. Very smooth and "jumpy" in a good way ride. Accelaration - oookay, could be better. Worth the asking price when compared to other vehicles in like categories. Enjoying my ride 
Hello world! I have the Sunburst Orange SXT with all the bells and whistles. Definitely an eye catcher and never a shortage on conversation whether at the gas pump or grocery store. This is a nice fun vehicle, great for traveling as well as city driving. Being in the great state of Texas, driving to Dallas, Austin, San Antonio and Houston (all cities are about 240 miles apart ? est. 230 - 250 on at tank of gas) this vehicle is fun! And yes, good acceleration from 0-60 as well as surprisingly good passing speeds. Stable at the 3-digit speeds as well ? Oops, did I say that? 
I like to drive it a lot, town mostly, but have had it on the highway for some 260 miles. Rides nice for me. Got it for graduation and it's fun to drive. Looks good, my friends like it to. Has it all, and I'm loning it.
Overall, I like my Dodge Caliber. There are tons of neat little storage places and innovative interior features. The body design is new and different, and I love it. The engine bogs down a lot on inclines and from a stand still. The design has way too many blind spors especially when backing up. I was nervous about buying a vehicle in the first model year, and I don't think my skepticism is unfounded, but I don't have nearly as many issues as I had feared. The AC is having some issues along with the rear defroster. Overall, the car is good and I will definitely drive it for years to come.
Very good value. I have a 5 speed SXT Sport, handles very well. IMO, the 5 speed drives so much better than the CVT. So far, no problems. Nice looking exterior, love the Marine Blue Color, it was discontinued for 2008.
My wife can be rough on cars so I wanted something that she could manuveer easily, get around in snow and ice and have enough room for all of us (2 teens). It's nothing like my Dodge Ram Laredo but this is a very nice little car. I have been buying Chrysler/Dodge products for sometime now, primarily because I like the products but the dealership also played a big role. The Caliber is very comfortable, with adjustable seats (albeit manual) that raise and lower the driver. Very nice. We had to "trick" out the car in order to get the AWD but it really makes a pleasant driving experience. We'll take the four door Ram for really long trips but this one is perfect for my "supermom".
I love that the mechanical design is simple. It's easy and cheap to maintain. No timing belt/internal water pump to worry about. I can change the spark plugs or fuel injectors in 20 minutes. Well planned. The car is very composed on the road and easy to drive. It seems well-balanced and feels lighter than it is (3,000lbs). Steering is sporty, acceleration is adequate with the 2.0L but won't win any races. I have a creaking driver's seat, but the dealer should fix that. Also my knee runs into the center console. Other than that, no complaints. I recommend this car. It has a lot more character than anything else for $16,500. 
I love this car. I have been waiting for an economical mini SUV and this is a dream come true. This car gives me the ability to carpool and not apologize for the ride. I also love the car for weekend camping/fishing trips. I can pack the tent, supplies, and even the dog with no problems. My daughter is counting the days until she turns 16 and can stake her claim for the driver's seat. 
We bought this car a little over a month ago for my husband. It's the first car he's ever truly loved! He finds the seats more comfortable than I do as I require more back support. The interior is gorgeous but very plastic and scratches easily. There is little glare from the dash onto the windshield though. The features this car has are great! A glove box cooler, fantastic air conditioner (dare I say freezing cold in the summer? and we're in TX!) lots of leg room and the steering wheel sits out farther than most cars and is larger in size, perfect for my husband. The exterior is sharp and very attractive, lights (in and out) are perfect, tinting dark, stereo incredible and very roomy!
I bought my first new car and was totally excited that I wouldn't have car problems for a while. My car has 40,000 miles on it and I need a new engine. I would have been better off buying a used car, I would have probably had less problems.
Just purchased the Caliber a couple of months ago for my wife. The steering wheel feels different! So far it's been pretty reliable and I do like the CVT, it just feels weird to not feel the gearbox shift. I'm giving Dodge an oportunity to impress me. Don't let me down Dodge! 
At 13000 miles had to get a tire rotation. There was a noise coming from the tires, and also tires seems to be out of alignment? At 16,000 miles had to go back for same reason, but this time they found that all 4 tires were out of alignment and the tires were cupping badly enough to warrant new tires already. Dodge refused to replace tires, and Firestone refused as well since it was an alignment problem (and Dodge's responsibility
The Dodge Caliber thus far has proven to be a very nice car and a solid contender in the small car bracket. The performance will not blow you away, but with average mileage in the 30's one cannot expect Viper stats. The overall quality seems to be good, no rattles, squeeks or the like. Overall I am very pleased with the car.
Just purchased the Caliber a couple of months ago for my wife. I traded a 99 BMW 328i. So I was a little shocked with the quality and fit/finish of the vehicle. The steering wheel feels awfull! So far its been pretty reliable and I do like the CVT, it just feels wierd to not feel the gearbox shift. I'm giving Dodge an oportunity to impress me. If this car lets me down I will never purchase another domestic vehicle again! Don't let me down Dodge!
The 'world' engine is very adequate even when being used to a V6 for many years. Love the cargo space I've waited a long time for a compact SUV and this one is perfect!
My partner and I chose the Caliber over the Toyota Matrix. More comfort and upgrades without all the extra cost. We have enjoyed it. It is a peppy little car on the take off and it runs very quiet. Much leg room for our 15 yr old. who's 6ft. tall, and room to spare for the family dog. Love the split seat feature, and love the glove box keeping the drinks cold for long trips. 
The 2007 Dodge Caliber is an amazing car! It provides exellent power, fuel econemy, and reliablity. We've had it for over a year now, and it is just out-standing. The payments of the car itself is great for anybody! I would recommend this car to everybody!
Studying to be a mechanical engineer, it took me about 1.5 years to finally find a car that would "pass the test." My wife has a 60 mile commute to work every day so we needed something safe with good gas mileage. That's why we bought the Caliber. She wanted an SUV, but I didn't want the maintenance associated with 4 wheel drive. 
I purchased my Caliber and have had nothing but fun driving it. I am 57 years old and I drive it 6 days a week to work. I was shocked the first time that I had to use passing gear. The response was great. I use passing gear because it feels like it has one. Thanks for building this automoble.
I absolutely love my new Caliber. It is my 3rd car, and let me tell you, it is definitely the best. I drive it back and forth to college twice a week, which is 100mi each way. I've never had any problems with it. The headlighs are awesome! Seats are extremely comfortable. I have both front seats the whole way back and my cousins who are all 5'10 and taller have virtually no problem getting in and out. It does lag a bit from 0-40, but once you hit 40 it just goes. One review said it was not agile, not at all true. Very responsive and safe. The 5 star saftey rating one reason I bought it. It can also go through quite a bit of snow, AWD or no AWD.
We bought our R/T off of the showroom floor. The first in our area in July of '06. I had my doubts when we test drove it. I was used to driving a V6. But all in all we wanted a new good gas mileage car with cargo room. We took it on a long trip and avg 27 mpg. Not bad. The only downfall for us on this car was the acceleration. It just doesn't have that "get up and go". It actually got to the point of us being hesitant to pull out into traffic. We only had it for 6 mths and traded it in. I would say the Caliber is a good choice for someone who needs a smaller car with good gas mileage and cargo room. 
This car is great and with gas over $3 it makes it even better. I travel for work and use the cooler and ipod holder every day. I also have the music gate feature and love it for tailgating.
I've had the car since February. Handling is excellent, car is just fun to drive. The styling is edgy enough to make it stand out. The inferno red doesn't hurt either. Shortcomings are the rear visibility when backing up, you really have to get used to it. The other thing is I upgraded to the 6 disc nav system, don't do it. You lose the MP3 input and it just really isn't user friendly on the music side. Had I known I would have stuck with the standard radio and CD and bought a Tom Tom. Other than that, the car has been good.
I had a small paint issue I have yet to resolve but the main issue I have with the SXT is that it feels like the A/C doesn't cool enough. I live in Vegas and I find it takes a very long time to reach a comfortable level of coolness. I also can't point the vents as far as I'd like. I also found the Auxilary jack come loose after a couple months of having it. 
A great smooth zippy drive. I love the comfort of this car! Sturdy, smooth, classy, but sporty. Most of all I am surprised at the great comfort and room that this car has. The designer was brilliant. It looks smart on the outside and serves your comforts on the inside. Gas mileage is little less than what I thought, but three times better than anything out there. The look is unlike any other out there! I have been asked more than enough from strangers just wanting to know, "what kind of car is that?" Stands out and gets your attention. Nice looking. Good job Dodge!
I've been woefully disappointed with the MPG for my SXT. I'm light on the pedal and to date, the advertised 31mpg city and 39mpg hwy have amounted to roughly 25mpg city and 31mpg hwy! Also, the rear hatch appears to stick in cold weather, which isn't good in Canada. With a stuck hatch, one finds a "hatch open" light comes on, thereby draining the battery. This happened to me twice!
This has ben one of the most fun little cars I have ever owned. With the 5 speed the car can get up and go. It gets great gas mileage around 30 highway. Probably do better if driven not so hard. The car corners like a slot car.
After becoming accustomed to the CVT transmission I will have difficulty to return to another type of transmission. The AWD driving in the last winter in Quebec region was avery good experience. I averaged 26-28 mpg in city driving and 31-32 in open road. After 20 000 km it is a solid car.
I love this car. People say it is a but sluggish but I found my Caliber gets up quick. I love the exterior. I have bought some Mopar parts. Gas mileage could be better but overall I am very satisfied.
I bought the Caliber for what it is a gas miser. I did want some amenties like the power options and 17" tires which adds to the handling. This is a heck of an econo car. Yes, it's a compromise of practicality and a mini vehicle deigned around a blob of clay stuck in a wind tunnel. What can you say other than $16K, full car size, ride, and comfort with the gas milage of mini-car. Yes I could get better for around $9K more but if you compare apples to apples for the money, there is no other apple. If you want the room of a real size car and the economy of a midget car plus the ability to actually haul something other than you? This is it! 
1 of only a few manual Calibers. Had to return to dealer many times 5+ for check engine light. Bad software which was a big topic in Detroit as #2 o2 sensor was slow to respond. Finally have that fixed and brake rotors are severely warped. Sorry, warranty only good to 12000 miles. Hope some aftermarket co. soon makes good rotors!
I really love the car.'I was not sure what type of car I wanted. I tested too many and it just confused me. The second time I drove the car it just really clicked and I liked it. The toss up was between the Caliber and Jeep Compass.The interior is identical to the Compass but for the price difference I went with the Dodge. The night I drove home it was pouring and extremely windy and it handled great!
Downgraded from A4 looking for more room and better gas mileage for under $20k. Definitely a nice amount of room to work with considering the overall size of the package. Gas mileage doesn't impress, but solid mid-to-high 20s in mostly highway driving. I've put almost 8k miles in about 4 months and haven't had a problem. I do miss the AWD, though.
I absolutely love this vehicle. It is sporty, yet sophiscated. No it is not speedy, however I don't need the tickets! It is fun to drive and fun to look at!
I have a '96 Jeep Cherokee with 262k miles and was looking for a RAV4 when I stumbled upon the 2.0 Caliber SXT. For the money, I couldn't ask for more. It rides very well, plenty of leg room in front and back. With 2 grown boys I needed head and leg room. I do wish the console/armrest was a little higher and cushy. I thought the chill zone was a cool idea, but should be colder. I am loving my new car!
I am one of those people that researches beyond the necessary. I did my research and narrowed it down between the Dodge Caliber and Jeep Patriot. I went with the Caliber and couldn't be happier. The comfort is amazing and that is saying something since I am 6'5", 230lbs. This vehicle fit me the best and also leaves room for someone to sit behind me comfortably which is a first. The speed is great for a 2.0 4 cylinder. The upgraded stereo with the 9 speaker boston acoustics is well worth the extra money. Could't be happier!
I only suggest that the inside is a little to compact. I fele squished driving. The back seat cup holders should retract in and out so a third person can sit in the back. I love the car just need a little more room. Although it is a compact car it is so great on gas. I love that. I did experience a trouble time. It only happened once, but I had my headlights on and when I turned my turn signals on the whole head lights turned completely off. When the turn signals were off the lights came on. I also, when driving that night, when heat and radio were on the whole console got extremely hot to touch. Just a fluke but scary. Yes lights were on, not daytime runnng lites. Great car though! 
I was looking for a 4 cyl. AWD vehicle for my wife to commute with. The AWD works great in the snow and rain, but there is no get up and go when it comes to accelerating fom a stop. I also own a Honda Accord with the 4 cyl., and with 12 less HP. The Honda has alot more pep. The Caliber feels extremely sluggish with the CVT transmission. The fuel economy is not bad, but a slightly larger tank to increase the range would be nice. I look forward to trading this in for an AWD Magnum, and paying a little more for gas. This would be excellent for a new driver, but not for a family of 4. This is a good car for around town grocery getting, but thats about it. Test drive well before you buy!
Terrific car for the money. From the surround airbags to the responsive power steering it just doesn't seem like a base model vehicle. I've had no problems of any kind so far. Car feels tight and solid, just right. The 1.8 liter engine is peppy enough for me, though steep hills will challenge it. Stereo sounds fine. Seats fit well. Headrests offer good protection. Tons of cargo room with seats folded down. (I bought some carpeting at hardware store to make my own floor liner.) Headlights give good coverage without blinding anyone. Not too big, not too small. What's not to like?
I got my Caliber in April of '06 with 3 miles on it now I have 26,582. I have found no major problems with it. The bigest complant is with the tire air pressure display. It gives 3-5 psi difference. I have the yellow R/T
I like the Dodge Caliber because it's a great car. I notice that when my friends ride in it they are surprised that it is a powerful car and the comfort of the seats are comfortable.
I bought the R/T fully loaded, with chrome rims. The car is great for those who are practical. It is not a luxury car. So don't expect it to be. I use it to go snowboarding in VT (live in NYC) and it?s perfect. The engine has weak acceleration and is loud but that is a 4cl engine Gas mileage is 28mpg at 55mph, 23mpg at 70mph. The gas mileage gauge is useful. Who drives 55 on the thruway? So who ever says this car has good gas mileage, stop!
My SXT 2.0L was totalled after 3 months of ownership. I didn't like it enough to buy another one. The interior design is spacious and comfortable, but if you have anything inside it is seen. No storage space. The little extras are nice, but don't make up for the weak paint, under-quality interior and extreme lag in acceleration. My husband bumped the side with his belt cell phone holder getting in the car and it scratched the paint bad. No way it should've done damage at all. It does corner very tight and is super- responsive (overcorrection and wrecking was easy to do). The vehicle overall was okay, but I definitely didn't fall in love with it and it was my very first new car.
It definitely gets a lot of looks. Had many complements on it. Handles great on the ice and snow.
This is an all around great car! It's fun to drive, has comfortable seats, and the MusicGate sound system is just simply amazing for a factory premium stereo. 
I have had problems with the speakers and radio in this car and had it in twice for the same problem. When the weather is below freezing, the speakers don't work, sometimes the radio won't work. By the time I was able to bring it in, radio was working so mechanics couldn't find a problem and fix it. Two separate times. Also check engine light on- needed a software upgrade. Other than these annoying problems, I like the car.
I have had my Caliber for almost a month now and I love it. I had a 1996 Dodge Neon before it, and it was only a two door. With a 2 year-old child that was such a pain getting her in and out of the back seat. With the Caliber I have no problems at all. Plus the leg room is great. I am tall and need my knee room, the adjustable drivers seat is the best yet. My brother in law in 6foot 7inches and he fit in the back seat with plenty of room for the front passanger and for himself. Dodge did a good thing coming out with the Caliber. Thank you very much for making my life eaiser.
I was seriously considered getting the Caliber as a second vehicle when my Sebring made the decision for me to make it my primary! I was looking for an AWD vehicle that wasn't too station wagon or SUV like. For a compact car and Dodge's low end vehicle, I think it is quite nice. Quite honestly, I needed something bigger and more practical than a convertible. Can't find a thing I don't like about it.
I love the all around look and feel of my white Caliber. Being a college student I needed something that would be reliable and also easy on the checkbook. I haven't had one problem with my car. 
Drove in snow and ice for first time. Excellent handling on the ice with AWD. Getting up icy hills with no problem. Tows my small boat easily. Would like better gas mileage (22 mpg city). Is not crowded with five passengers. Like the SUV style-I call it a minie SUV.
I bought mine when they first came out. The Chill Zone does not stay open which is my first major complaint especially when I brought back to the dealer the person had no clue what it was or did. The brakes crunch one in a while. Fit and finish of the car is good. While I like the car It certainly could have a little more quality put into the vehicle 
I first saw this car in a parking lot and drove strait to the Dodge dealership. It's the first "crossover" type vehicle that I've seen that made me want to trade in my gas-guzzling suv. I get lots of positive comments on the exterior styling even though it's the "base" model without all the spoilers and such. Handling is acceptable given the low end price and gas mileage is good as well. My 17 year old niece fell in love and sat in it for over an hour.Not bad considering the fact that I've owned high-end SUV's for the past 10 years!
Owned new and used Dodges all my life. Have bought them from a close friend who owns the dealership. My wife's '07 Caliber SXT has many +'s but the -'s are catching up as the miles add up, 3000 to date. Dash pops and pieces don't match up. My 2000 4x4 83000 mile Ram has less rattles and pops. Waiting on the dealership to correct this factory mistake. Rear brakes squeak and groan like a logging truck. Waitng on dealership to correct. Sunroof leaks hadn't sprung this on the dealership yet, don't want to overwhelm them. Wife loves the car. That's what matters, and in time I'll sure that I can learn to love it also.
As owner I like the car but as an automotive employee the car has a lot of defects. Build quality is not good. The paint color did not match between the fenders and the bumpers. The doors are not align with the body car. The gaps between doors and body are not good. The gap between the hood and the grille is awful. Looks like the hood is open. The plastic parts (in liftgate) did not cover what they need to cover, and other details.
I am happy overall-not a bad value but- I noticed right away some little things on the vehicle that were not up to the quality I'm used to. The "plastic" parts" (door frames, etc.) scratch and stain easily and are dificult to get clean. The rear window and trim do not come clean at the car wash, they need hand scrubbing. My biggest complaint is with the mileage I drive I require an oil change about every 4-6 weeks. I can't find anyone to give me an oil change (they don't have the filter) other than the dealer at 2x the price and the dealer is always a long wait. I am always late from lunch. I work long hours and have to take off work to go to a dealer. 
I bought my car back in May and throughout the summer I was a bit irritated at its lack of acceleration. I used to have Toyota Celica and I was used to the get up and go. But I have to admit that it has redeemed it?s self recently. I have driven at least 40 miles (to and from work) every day of the past three snowstorms and not been stuck once. I drive past so many other stuck vehicles and thank my Caliber for its amazing performance in the snow! Even the stop and go traffic, serious traffic jams and alternate routes that I have taken have not affected its gas mileage! Any car that makes it over two foot snowdrifts with out four-wheel drive is a miracle! 
I love this car! We have two kids and we drive everywhere comfortably. I went to the hardware store and the guys laughed at me, told me I wouldn't fit everything into my "little" car. Well I showed them, they were amazed! Their next comment was " This should be a commercial for this car" Go Get One!!!
This car is awesome on gas. I drive a total of 90 miles round trip. I leave home on a full tank and return on a full tank. My last car I was putting gas in 3 times a week. Now I only have to put gas in once. My Caliber also rides so good it's like a mini luxury car. I love the hands free. I could go on but take a test drive for yourself .
it is an ugly car that has a weak engine Daimler Chrysler really needs to work on that. The seats are horrible for going on trips
I bought the Inferno Red SXT 2.0 two weeks ago after retiring a Jeep Grand Cherokee Laredo. Not nearly as plush as my Jeep, but still perfect for my commute to work. Roomier than expected and I even took my six-foot-plus-some- son to sit in the back seat at the dealership before I decided to buy. Once I drove and got the feel of the CVT I was hooked. Great car, great value, great sporty look. 
Since the purchase 6 months ago, vehicle has been in the shop 5 times and down for 2 weeks. This vehicle is not reliable at all. Can't trust it beyond the city limits. The check engine light came on 3 different times - told the gas cap was not on properly, 3rd time I made a remark that if it is not fixed I will persue the lemon law. They fixed the problem but was down for 1 week. Had to take in for recall ( cam bearing nuts ) Wife came out of work and the car would not start, had to tow into dealer and it took them 2 days to find the problem and had to wait for parts ( down another week ). Have tried to contact Chrysler, but it has been over 2 weeks and still can't get any answers!
It has been three months since I picked up the cCaliber and I do about 85% hwy and 15% city driving. To date I've averaged about 35 mpg IMP. The car is good on gas and is very responsive to drive. Interior head room is exceptional and it is roomy in general. The overall look of the vehicle is strong and the styling is unique. The only negative I have so far is that the knee room is a little tight. I can however, fix that by lowering the drivers seat. Overall I'm very happy with this vehicle and the way it operates. 
I loved this car before I bought! The minute I drove away I knew I was in a close to perfect car. The steering, the tires, the stereo, glow in the cup holders rock, the ice box, the room. What more can I say? The satellite radio, and the universal garage remote control rocks.
We got our new car in May and the first week we had it we had a death in the family and had to drive back to New York. We put almost 3,000 miles on the car the first two weeks we had it. It was a pleasure to drive it that far and not feel confined and it rode like a big car. Plus we were very happy with the mileage. Since then we have put 4,000 more miles on it and love it as much as we did the first day we test drove it. I would buy another one that's for sure.
Just picked it up tonight. 5 speed fun shifting power shifting speeding along excellent comfort and drive. Wished the gas cap was lockable. I am not really crazy about the chill zone as I think it's frivilous, but hey I might want a cold one sometime. It's very roomy. The back seat was a little odd until I discovered how to unrecline them. Very roomy cargo area. I have a PT Cruiser that I love but is now a teenage car. I picked the inferno red color and the beige interior. Love the lit cupholders. Can't wait to see the gas mileage. I have put about 25 miles on it tonight. I just think it's the most fun car yet. 
 I researched this car for about 6 months before purchasing. Lots of fun to drive and the car handles great in the rain. I am anxious to see how it handles in the snow. The engine can be a little noisy but I don't mind it at all and the sound system is really good. 
I love my car. It runs great, and with all the driving I do the gas mileage isn't too bad either. The ResistAll is a great feature considering I have two young kids. I get compliments on it all the time. I traded my 2002 Durango for it and it was well worth the trade! I still have room to haul big loads and it's small enough to be a sexy car. The ride and handling are great! 
After six months of ownership I can say that the car has been dependable in temperatures from -15c to +40c and always started first try. Perfomance and handling on the car are quite impressive, the ride is stable and predictable on dry/wet/snowy conditions. Seating positon is more along the lines of a minivan than a car making it comfortable and very easy to get in and out of as remarked by my 71 year old father. As well as the long list of standard features on the SXT I opted for the security package adding the trunk cover, alarm system and cabin air filter. Another option was the Musigate System, this is a must for people that like music, 8 speakers and a sub with 458 watts of power! 
I live in England and bought the two litre Diesel SXT Caliber and so far I have been pleased with my car. For a small family car it is one of the safest cars here in Great Britain. I was amazed with how well the car performs, the two litre turbodiesel gives all the right power at the time you need. I would advise any to buy the new Dodge Caliber.
Car has been to the dealer twice for two days each and needs to go back again. Car was not aligned at the factory. Multiple squeaks and rattles. Had a warped interior panel replaced. Windshield squirters didn't work. Car has stalled twice. Sirius radio goes out under bridges. No good place to put your right knee. Windows fog easily. Engine sound quality is poor. Bought it because I'm a DCX employee that needed a car than day. I will pursue lemon law if issues persist.
I really love my car except the gas mileage keeps getting worse. I used to get 340 to 360 miles to the tank and now I'm lucky to get 300. I've been told it depends on the driver and the conditions but I'm not the only one complaining. Maybe Dodge will take notice and fix this.The seats are wonderful! I have a bad back and these seats make all the difference after a long drive. Take off isn't fast but after first gear, you're really moving. It hugs corners very well but the blind spot needs improvement. The arm rest could be more sturdy and maybe have less rattling when extended. I really didn't pay attention to the interior problems until the gas mileage started going down. It makes me worry more.
So it says it can go up to 32 mpg, think again. I know several owners and no one gets that on the highway. The cooler only works if you have the air on full blast so it's useless in the winter or if you enjoy riding with the windows down. Already had a recall and had to have mine serviced within 3 months for rattling in the engine. Said I was getting Sirius radio for 1 yr. I haven't gotten it one day and yes I called to have it hooked up. It is a great first car or car for younger people. But myself, husband and two kids are kind of cramped, especially in the front. 
The car was fine until the weather changed to below freezing at night. When I start the car it idles rough and it wont "rev up" until the car warms up. The car bogs down instead. The dealership has no idea what the problem is. Not a car for people with climate changes in their hometown.
I had a pick up truck that I had to retire, I went to the closest dealership to my home to find a vehicle that I could afford and that I liked. By 6pm I drove off the lot in my sunburst orange Dodge Caliber. 
Have only owned my Caliber a short time, but it seems like it will be a great car. Had an Accord for many years, and decided to try American. Keep up the good work, Dodge!
The engine in this vehicle makes a lot of noise which is one of the worst parts of driving it. When the heat is on there is also a whistling noise. Not even sure why, might be a problem.
We purchased the Caliber because my previous Dodge cars were great. The trend stops here. Since having the last routine service done, the car has been in the shop 4 times. One was for a faulty engine light sensor (this still hasn't been fixed), and most recently (and most alarming) because after plugging in the block heater overnight, the engine light came on again. The service department finally ran a full diagnostics and found that there was a "software deficiency" in that plugging in the caroverheats some component and causes the engine light to come on. They advised us not to plug in the car. We live in Canada, and it is currently -30C out. We must start the car every 4 hours. No ETA on a fix yet!
This car picks up speed fast. Great to drive in the rain. The Caliber truly grips the road. The quality of the car is tough. I backed into a pole and it did not dent at all. Just a small scratch.
I feel really safe in this car. There are many safety features. You get the extra room without having a gas guzzler.
I love my new R/T Caliber. I love the Sirius satelite radio. I don't think I will ever be without it. The garage door opener programmed right into the car is a great feature. No more searching for the remote. I am hoping to utilize the U Connect feature when I get my new bluetooth capable cell phone. I am still looking for help on programming this. There is nothing in the owners manual. We will see how that goes. 
I really like the driver's seat as I have a bad back and it really is great. Also, the interior room is great and friends who have been in the car just really think it is great. The styling is also great.
I purchased my first Caliber back in 4/06. It was white and the only one available on the lot as they are sold so quickly. So I bought it. I kept returning to the dealership until I saw a red Caliber in Oct. and traded my car on the spot. It cost me a over $1,000 plus more money to trade than I thought it would, but I believed that since this would be my last new vehicle purchase it had to be the color I wanted. The red is such a hot, beautiful red (pearl), I drove off with it that very day. I have only one complaint. The steering wheel does not shift up and down enough. It hardly moves at all. A little larger trunck space would be great. 
I love this car. It is easy to drive has excellent road handling. I spend about $30 every 2 weeks to fill it up and I drive about 700 miles a month. The bigger tires make it easy to drive in the rain and the brakes don't sqeak like the Neon I had before did. It has a great stereo system in it and the cooler in the glove box is the only thing I think is a gimmick. The cans or bottles have to be ice cold to put in there and in the winter it will not work because you have to have the A/C on to use it. I am really pleased with this car and would recommend anyone to buy one.
I really enjoy the look of the car. I bought the R/T instead of getting the Compass. Sirius radio for 12 months is also a great deal. When in auto it tends to lose HP but when you flip the autostick on you feel an extra boost. Lots of storage places and the AUX input jack comes in handy with my I-Pod. I seem to be the only person around with an R/T and it attracts a lot of attention for only being a $23,000 car. Really fun to drive.
After 13 months of owning a Ford 2005 Mustang, I decided to go back to a Dodge after I had owned a 2000 Intrepid for five years and never had a problem with it. The Mustang was hot, but my girls were not comfortable in a 2-door car, plus the gas prices skyrocketed right after I bought it and I was paying $120 to $160 in gas per month. My girls and I like the Caliber because it has four doors, still looks good, is better on gas (even buying premium gas, only $100 per month at the max), easier to see out of, and I used it to take my older daughter to college without having to rent an SUV. It has so much more room than the Ford (which is great for a single person), and is enjoyable to drive.
Dodge did a good job with this car. It seems to be very reliable and gets great gas mileage. I am a large man and I find it comfortable on long drives. There's plenty of storage for little things. I have received a lot of compliments on the looks of this vehicle. My only dislike of this car is the sliding arm rest. It would be better if it locked in.
I've waited 3 months to give an honest review of my SXT. Ihave averaged 25.8 to 30 mpg city and hwy, and am in constant bumper to bumper traffic to and from work. When the car is in park it is difficult to maneuver the air controls as the stick is in the way, and the blind spot is a bit bothersome. Yes there's noise, but that doesn't bother me. I did months of research before I purchased this car so I can say the pluses outweigh the negatives. Fun to drive, reliable and has a smooth transmission with the CVT. It turns heads, and is lots of fun to drive. This crossover car is sure to influence other car makers to wake up and smell the coffee! You won't be dissapointed. 
I was surprised at how well the car drove, handled, and the ride comfort. I had intended to buy another Honda Civic but saw this in a dealers lot and I noticed it had all wheel drive at a decent price. I like the CVT transmission. The quality surprised me as the last Chrysler product I had was poor. I think this is an excellent car for the money
Took the car upstate New York on vacation with only 1800mi on it. Put 1600 mi on trip. Handles great and got 32.5 mpg. Dash light over tach goes out when cold outside. Other than that it's been great. Currently have 8200 mi.I
My son was involved in a hit and run accident in January, so I wanted him to have a safer, more dependable car. We purchased our Caliber 3 months ago. He loves the car, however, we have had some problems with the engine. While driving the car, the oil light will come on and start to flash, and then the car will completely die on him. The dealership can't find the problem.
Purchased the Caliber last week, and so far so good. Got the SXT and am pleased with the cars performance as compared to my Neon. The only negative so far is the sound system. It's adequate,(especially when playing a CD), but that's about it. Also, be sure to ask for mats as they are not included on many models. The Caliber handles well, but is a bit sluggish accelerating. The front seats have a nice height adjuster and all the storage compartments are nice as well. However if you slide the armrest forward there is little room to use the 2nd cup holder. Overall, I'm pleased and would recommend the Caliber. If it lasts as long as the Neon that will be great. 
this car is great. I just got back from moving my daughter from California. It is a 2000 mile trip. the car was packed with her stuff to the point that only she and I could fit. The car was quiet, comfortable and the fuel economy was great. The car is rated up to 30 mpg, but when I figured out what we got, it came out to 35 mpg. I didn't take it easy on the drive either! I drove 80mph the whole trip. I would recomend this car to anyone!!
I probably was one of the first people to get a Caliber. I love the look of the car. People always look when I drive. When I get gas people always ask questions. The plastic underneath the car rattles at high speeds. Also, I think a spark plug is knocking. Everytime I hit the gas, I get a knocking/metal hitting something sound. It needs more pickup. When it rains or I go to a carwash, the engine steams like it is overheating. Also, the chillzone does not work. No air comes out of the vent. The flashlight is broken also. 
Very fun to drive. It's like a sports car. Gas mileage is good. We get lots of looks when we drive it. 
Our Caliber has been in for repairs several times in last 2 1/2 months. We have a loud pinging/annoying noise that gets louder if your happen to be waiting in line going thru drive thru/or driving slow speed. We have a front passenger door that doesn't fit the frame flush. Headlight that sticks out in front. Gaps galore. Ice cooler that doesn't work. Seatbelt clasp that makes clicking noise as you drive. 
After looking for more than a month at different vehicles, we happily chose the Caliber. We have been very happy with the mileage, but we have noticed a "shift" when we slow down. At 15 mph there is a change in speed or shift or something. We are very happy with all the bells and whistles, even if they don't all make sense. The "Chill Zone" does need a latch, and doesn't cool down a bottle of water, but will keep it cool. The tire pressure feature worries me, as I know some day, someone is going to steal my valve caps.
It is such a fun car. I love being in it with my Sirius satellite radio just listening to some old school rap. I have $100,000-200,000 dollar vehicles turning their heads and trying to figure out what the heck I am driving, and in my city no one really turns their head for a Mercedes or BMW because they are everywhere. A $23,000 dollar car can get them to turn if it is hooked up right. 
Traded in my 2003 Dodge Ram Hemi for this new 2007 Caliber SXT with 2.0 engine. It's white, has alloy wheels...illuminated drink holders, drink chill holder in glove box is really cool! So much to mention, and in going from a HEMI powered muscle truck down to a small Caliber, I am more than pleased at this switch. I enjoy the comfort and gas mileage!
I have enjoyed driving the Caliber. I like the smooth take off of the transmission. No Jerks. The ride is comfortable. The radio and CD have excellent sound and control. I like that if you have taken your key out from the iginition for so many seconds, you can still close the windows.
I bought my 2007 Doge Caliber R/T brand new! I have had it three years and have not had any real problems. I have only had to replace the tires and regular maintenance. Over all I am satisfied with the car. However my battery died 3 weeks ago and was replaced. Within 2 days of replacement the check engine light came on. I went to the dealer who downloaded some computer software and the light went away. Two days later the light is on again!!!! I just left the dealer with another alleged computer malfunction! IDK!!! It's off now but I'm hoping that in another two days the light is not back on again or I'm not going to be a nice customer!
the car started out great good gas mileage was noisy new tires still noisy should of knew something was up when one dealer offered free tires for life there is a part on the transmission that went bad and no dodge dealer knows how to fix they hook it up to machine try to fix but keeps messing up the car goes 20 mph so we cannot drive it and still making payments on it one dealer thinks maybe we should put in new transmission and maybe that will fix it at the tune of 3200 dollars so if you buy this car buy extended warranty would never buy another caliber 
Purchased new with 3 miles on the odometer. The only problem so far as been a return trip to the dealer for an ECU update to correct a CEL. I've carried lumber, office furniture, 30 boxes of stone floor tile, a door and countless other large, bulky items. The original Firestone tires were noisy and rough at 30,000 miles and replaced with General Altimax HP's (a great choice for this car). I would purchase this car again.
I purchased my 1.8L Caliber SXT when they first hit the lot back in '06, and honestly I have had nothing but problems with it. A/c compressor replaced w/ 12k mi on it cause it was stalling the engine, 3 years later a/c still does not blow cold it gets to 120+ is Arizona and the a/c stinks in this car Lemon law denied my case on it. Transmission problems, rear brakes problems, engine issues, A/c will be running for 1 hr and will still be sweating. The only good thing I have to say about it is the gas mileage and front, side, and knee air bags. If I wasn't stuck in the car I would sell without thinking about it.
I have had the car over two years now, bought used. It had been a rental and well cared for. In the past I have always had bigger vehicles (still have a Ford full size van) because I am 6' 4" and most smaller cars are impossible for me to drive. This car fits me very well, plenty of head and leg room, really like the height adjustable driver seat. I was looking for a smaller fuel efficient car for driving around town and this one has been all I was looking for. Yes it is not as well made as my bigger cars, but the price reflects that. New front tires at 40,000 miles, rear still have some life. So far no mechanical problems, transmission is doing fine, I have to say I am happy with it.
Just traded in a great 1998 Subaru Outback for a pristine 2007 Caliber with only 7000 miles on it! I love it. Spacious, comfortable, and the best looking wagon-style you can get in this price range. Really love the way it handles, the CTV is cool. Needed the 2nd row and cargo space for my gourmet foods company, plenty of space for a 6 foot table and pop up tent for Farmer's Markets. My 120 pound Chesapeake Bay Retriever loves that the back windows roll all the way down. My friends are jealous. :)
 After seeing ads on TV for new Dodge Calibers, we (wife and I) decided to go check them out. They offered good fuel mileage(we routinely get high 20s), plenty of cargo space, and good looks. We have just passed 45,000 miles on our Caliber, and we are very happy with our purchase. First set of tires (Firestone) were just replaced with better riding (General Altimax HP), although I could have gotten a few thousand more miles from the originals. Other than new tires and occasional oil/filter changes(5,000 miles), car has not had any problems at all. Still looks good,and performs like new. Very reliable car. Only complaint is that armrests are hard and uncortable. Overall,very happy! 
We bought the car brand new, looked cool and had good gas mileage. With in the first 30k miles, we had to replace tires, we are still buying tires way to often. We also have a tapping sound that the repair shop can not figure out. After 2 years the paint started to flake off and the trim is pealing. Car looks cool but that is where it ends.
I love this car! I traded my Mustang for a more reliable vehicle as I travel often, and I love it, I've had no issues with it since I purchased the vehicle with 28,000 miles, I've so far put 12000 miles, traveled to las vegas and san diego back to new mexico with no issues! this has been a great car for me and my family
We purchased this car in december of 2006 right off of the showroom floor. It now has 31,000 miles on it and has been 100% trouble free. The car is very reliable and is fun to drive and the boston acoustics sound system with subwoofer sounds awesome! We are very pleased with this car! We even took this car up the four peaks mountain road and it worked great.
I've only owed it for 3 months, but so far it is great. Fuel mileage is everything they say it is. I get slightly over 31 mpg. It's comfortable inside, and looks great outside. Because it has an excellent safety rating, the insurance costs are low. The rear seats fold back which gives me a huge amount of space for cargo. Stereo system is not bad either. If there is one thing that I do not like it would be that trying to check your blind spot on the driver's side is nearly impossible. I solved this with a blind spot mirror attached to the outside mirror. Other than that I am a very happy Dodge Caliber owner.
I bought a black fully loaded SXT two months ago and I love it! Already gone 9000km. It was a choice between the Mazda 3 and Caliber. I made the right decision for my rural mail delivery. Let's hope my Caliber drives well in the snow!
So far the only negative issue I have had is with the cooler in the glovebox. The latch was not catching properly and I had to have it adjusted. It seems to be working now.
Overall, I am very happy with this car. I considered the Mazda 3, Scion xB, and Toyota Matrix, but I liked the exterior styling and features of this car best. Good gas mileage 28/32 (but with air cond turned on it is more like 22/28). Good leg room front and rear. Fold flat rear and passenger seats are nice. Beverage cooler, MP3 port, and flip down hatchback speakers are fun features. Large wheels give good grip. This car turns on a dime. Great for U-turns. Driver's seat can be raised. Lots of interior storage in 2 glove boxes, plus arm rest. The seats are very comfortable, good back support. Easy to clean fabrics and cargo area.
I've driven mine for 2 weeks. Great exterior. Got it instead of the compass. The car is very versatile. I'm able to haul big packages from IKEA and Home Depot with no problem. My friends love it. I got the Inferno Red color with the music gate system. The 6 disk stereo does not have an aux audio jack. That stinks, but the great sound system makes up for it. I love the fold down speakers. Needs more power and pickup. The CVT is not very responsive, but it is OK for commuting. I drive about 60 miles a day and MPG is about 22. I do step on it a lot! I would like a bigger gas tank so I dont have to make 2 trips to the gas station a week. A lot of hard plastics in interior, needs cushoned arm rests. 
I have been the proud owner of 1968 Ford Mustang for over 15 years. I've been wanting to set him up as my "Go for a Sunday drive" car but hadn't found anything worthy of my attention, a car worthy to be my everyday car. That is until I found my Caliber. It just fit right the first time. A little sporty, a little tough and very comfortable. 
Love the car very easy to get in and out of. I get window sticker mileage 26-30 mpg. A little noisy at high speeds. Sits nice and high for a small car.
I absolutely love this little car. I love the body style. People are always looking at it, they think it is very cool. Gets good gas mileage. Pretty decent stereo system. Nice to have satellite radio. Lots of interior room. My brother in law drove it and he is 6'5, he had plenty of room. Nephew sat in the back seat he is 6'0. I have 3 kids and they all fit nicely. Lots of features for the money. Fun to drive.
I've had my car for 5 weeks. It handles well, has good speed and is beautiful to look at. I love it. 
This is my very first brand new vehicle. I just love the Dodge Caliber. I had read a lot of great things about the Caliber and the price and gas mileage is great, made my decision to buy one. I have the 4 door 1.8 engine 5 speed transmission, in sunburst orange with a sunroof. The dashboard is simple and easy to read. Not a lot of knobs and unnessasary gadgets. Plenty of leg and head room. The seats fold front and back, and storage cubby areas are easy to reach and get your hand in and out of. The removeable dome light doubles as a flashlight, which I find a lot of uses for when you have kids. I just wish I could reach the clutch better. I highly reccomend this car! 
It came down to a Caliber or Focus. I bought the Caliber because it claimed 26/30mpg and looked more comfortable. Big mistake. On a recent cross country trip I averaged 25.1 mpg. It ruined the whole trip. I spent more than budgeted for gas. As if this wasn't bad enough, when I returned home I wrote to the local dealership and DiamlerChrysler HQ to report my opinion. That was over 2 weeks ago, and as of yet I have not heard from either. I had a PT with the same engine and averaged almost 28 mpg over the time I had it. Should have kept it. It may have been the one exception to the rule, but it worked. My Caliber may be the bad apple, but it still stinks. The failure of Dodge to reply also stinks
I have had my Caliber for over 2 months now and I love it. Everything about the vehicle is great. I looked at a lot of vehicles like Caliber, but of its class, the Caliber was the best choice.
Waited almost 3 months for delivery. Nice exterior styling, looks like a poor-man's X3. Interior styling is generally good too but quality of plastic is visibly poor. Does not have a lockable compartment to keep personal belongings. Ride is generally good, even at 80 mph on Jersey turnpikes. Acceleration is quite sluggish, probably due to CVT. Very easy to bump transmission into semi-manual mode accidentally. Visibility front and back is rather poor. Have to sit high to get good view in front which leads to reduced headroom. UConnect and trip computer both work quite well. Feels like driving a rental (based on years of biz travel experience) but great for daily commute, especially in bad weather.
We recently bought this car because we needed something reliable to drive. We wanted something fun and economical plus the price was great for a brand new car. We have had nothing but a great time driving this car. The way it handles on tight corners and in parking lots is wonderful, and we love the safety features. For fuel mileage on the first tank I got about 28 miles to the gallon, which was tons better than my 98 Isuzu Rodeo which got about 14. We love the headlights. They are better for driving at night because they give you a better field of vision. All in all this car is a dream to own.
I bought this car to be my first "business car" for the mileage and economy. So far everything I have tested has been great and functioned great! Finally a vehicle with an awesome sound system from the factory. It handles what I throw at it and more. Awesome amount of cargo room. I haul around computer parts all day, so that was one of the key factors on this car. Mileage has varried from about 22mpg to 28mpg mixed city/hwy - I admit I step on the gas more than I should. I bought this to replace driving my 2001 Dakota due to the 12mpg it was giving me.
i have thoroughly enjoyed my Caliber. it is fun to drive, and people are always asking me about it, and those that don't actually talk to me are looking and looking. It is really the most fun and reliable, so far, of any vehicle I have had. I owned a l996 Intrepid and I never thoughtI would find a vehicle that I loved as much as I loved my Intrepid, but I have found it in my cute Caliber.
I wound up with the marine blue R/T due to the fact that the storm blue was pretty impossible to find, but now I am in love with the blue interior so I don't mind it so much. Took a few weeks to learn how to drive a car with not a lot of pick-up, but now I am totally used to that as well. Had Jeeps all my life and picked this over the Compass and do not regret decision!
This vehicle both looks smooth and runs smooth! It is an automatic eye catcher and is sharp both inside and out. I have been blown away by the vehicle's smooth manual transmission and by the small yet powerful engine!! The commercials are right, "It's anything but cute!!!" The interior is very spacious and very comfortable to ride in. This vehicle is the definition of a smooth ride and I am glad that I chose this particular vehicle! The economy of this vehicle is simply outstanding! Great gas mileage for the size of the Caliber! I had to wait about 3 months to get my Caliber... but trust me, it was defiintly worth the wait! 
I've had the Caliber SXT for about 6 mounths now and I love almost everthing about it. I have 2 kids and I was headed into a minivan until I saw this in a magazine and I bought one 2 days later. I never even test drove it. 
Greatest decision I ever made in buying a vehicle. It's such a fun car while also being superb on gas mileage!
Very comfortable on long trips. I drove from Northern Cal to New Mex in it. I should've got the cruise control option though. Only major complaint is that it does have serious blind spots in rear and side visibility when backing. On a positive, the AC was great when going through the Mojave Ca in 125 Degree heat.
Overall, I love the car. The gas mileage is good, the adjustable seat height on the driver's seat is a plus, I love the look of the car. The headrests seem to limit visibility when I'm looking over my shoulder to go in reverse. The car is fun to drive though!
Bought my car in June and has already been to RI, VT, & MA besides driving me to the beaches. Love the car, it handles well, and is fun to drive. Had many many compliments on it already and I want to hang on to it when my son gets his license six (long I hope) years away. Both husband and son are tall and we have plenty of room.
I'm a 23 year old and I cant be happier with my new '07 caliber. I love the tough design and the solid interior. I'm single and I'm finding so many uses for the large open space within the vehicle. I will definitely buy another Dodge in the future. 
We've had our Caliber for a couple of months and we love it. It does not have much "get up and go", but feels sturdy and safe. There's a lot of steep grades in our area & it handles them beautifully. Comfy inside, but blind spots are hard to get used to, especially in reverse. Gas mileage is fantastic, we average about 30 miles/gal. Storage space is excellent. Love it's look and overall feel. We'll see how it handles in winter.
I have my Caliber RT 6 weeks now, and I love it! It is roomy inside, nice style outside. The stereo is awesome. I love riding with the sunroof open. The gas mileage is very good. After owning many cars, I have to say this is the best. Thanks to my husband for a wonderful birthday gift.
This is a really good car. But I have only had it for about a week, and the motor is already messing up. I do love the car but it is a new car so it must have some bugs that needs to be worked out. 
I purchased my SE base model on July 4 and my wife can't get me out of that car. I drove a Mazda MPV before and looked for a family car that's great on gas and cheap on insurance and looks great. I purchased the car on the web without even test driving it. I just loved the look of it. Then when I got to the dealer to sign the papers, I test drove it. I only have to say one thing about it to everyone else. Go and get one yourself. This car is the best car I have ever driven. Only proplem I had is the check engine light turns on when I go to a pressure brush carwash ,so I changed the carwash to no touch and haven't had a proplem since 
Got the '07 Caliber R/T back in June. I am absolutely in love with it, except it needs more "oomph" when I touch the gas. I mostly use the "autostick" which does give me a more power on take off. Overall, though, I love it. I get questions from people all the time - get stared at a lot when sitting at traffic lights!!! The optional Boston 9 speaker system is awesome - the chiller could be a bit cooler, but who cares about that - no biggie. Can't wait for the SRT Turbo version to come out!! I bought the "inferno red" R/T with the upgraded chrome wheels, sunroof, red seat inserts/dash panel - it's gorgeous! 
The Caliber rides nice and smooth with no transmission kick. The gauges look sleek. Especially at night, they light up really nice. Even the cupholders light up a cool aqua blue. The controls in the steering wheel make driving so much easier. Get the black one.
This car has been buggin' my wife for months, but I resisted. She finally got me to test drive it and I loved it. It has plenty of room on the inside and looks really sporty on the outside. I have a daughter on the way and I feel that it is super safe for her to ride in it. I will keep it for her first car.
I have recently purchased my first new car all on my own and I love my new Caliber. It drives well, has good gas mileage, and looks good. As a young single mother it still gives me my youth, yet gives me all the space and accessories as a mother.
I love driving my Caliber. It's very cute but it also has a masculine handsome feel and handle to it. We also own a gas guzzling SUV, so when we went looking for a second car we wanted something safe, fuel efficient, roomy and stylish looking. Also with having 2 toddlers we definitly needed 4 doors with leather. Caliber was our man or woman! Love it
I can't believe how many Dodge Calibers I've seen on the road already. It's fun to drive and the styling sure turns heads. Sure the price is right, but many corners seemed to have been cut to achive the price point. There have been so many fit and finish problems and kinks to work out, that my first Dodge may be my last. 
I had a Jeep Liberty which got 15 to 18 miles a gallon. I bought the Caliber at the end of June. The ride is great on streets and the interstate. I get asked what kind of car is that all the time. The interior is solid and steering is smooth. I would highly recommend it.
Had my black R/T for 3 months, and 5100 miles later I am still in love with it. A very sharp little car! 18" tires and chrome wheels really improve the look. I average about 28.5 MPG. Only problem I have had is the rear spoiler came loose and a new one has been ordered.
I bought my '07 Caliber two months ago and really enjoy the car. The interior is roomy and comfortable. The back seat is right for my tall friends and there is enough of room in the "wagon" area for my two medium sized dogs. In my previous cars, headlights from other vehicles would blind me. Not so with the Caliber. Good value for the money.
My husband purchased this vehicle on my birthday. What a great gift. I wish it was fully loaded, with a navigation system though and remote start nd automatic headlights. In order to have the navigation and remote start installed I would have to go elsewhere which I dont want to do.
I love how the front passenger seats folds flat! I can fit 1 1/2 skids in my Caliber I no longer need to rent a box truck I just make 2 trips. Why not make 2 trips the Caliber is fun to drive.
It is about time someone built a four door family car that has some attitude. We bought our Caliber SXT about a week ago and have loved every minute of it. As I guy I like the power and height of a truck or full size SUV but my wife can't keep the keys out of my hands. The Caliber sits up high and being able to adjust the seat height (with ample head room) makes this car great for those of us who don't like little cars. I don't even need to mention how great the exterior of the car looks, wow is that front end mean. But it is the little things in the interior that make it a winner. Front and rear leg room, tire pressure, lighted cup holders I could go on and on.
I'm very impressed wth my new Caliber! I've had it for about 3 weeks, and it has treated me very well! As with any new model car, there a a couple small kinks that need to be worked out, such as the leaky rear window washer, but that will iron itself out with time! This car is a lot of fun, versatile, and it's easy on the fuel! It's definitely worth a test drive!!
I am extremely pleased with my new Caliber. Jet black plus clear coat and the 18" chrome rims and the leather interior, sport luxury takes on a whole new meaning. I love the streamlined design of this car. This car is more than just an eye popper, its a new breed of automobile.
I got my Caliber as my first new car, and first domestic car. I am happy with the fuel economy, and ride of the car. I have had a few issues with the car, Numerous rattles with the radio on, intermittant stalling problems with the clutch depressed, while slowing down, speedometer jumping. With the electronically controlled throttle, there isn't much throttle response til you're about 3/4 through the gear. I have also experienced torque-steer at higher rpms. With the exception of the rattles, the stereo is very nice, the clutch grabs hard, making it fun at high rpm shifts.
If an SUV and a sedan had kids this is what it would look like. Small like a sedan with room like an SUV and the comfort of both. This car is great on gas and is very dependable. 
A bit choppy for ride and a bit top heavy. Slow uptake but fun to drive. Lots of interest and questions from prospective buyers. I tell them all I would buy another.
 I fell in love with this car the minute I saw it in a commercial. I bought a red one, sunroof, 17 inch Allumin rims, heated seats , fog lights for about 18500 listed for 19220. I am geting around 26 mpg as the car tells you mpg a great feature. I got 33MPG all highway. I love the blue lighted dash and cup holders, night dimming rear view mirror. I am getting a lot of turning heads and many people asking what kind of a car is that. I have 1000 miles on it now with thank god no issues to report not even the Caliber ding that some are talking about. The MP3 port is awesome and A/C is very cold. Bottom line is the look is awesome and different than anything out there.
I just purchased my Caliber a week ago and I just love it! I wanted a mid size SUV and decided to go with the Caliber instead. It's just like a SUV. I have received so many compliments about my car everyone that see it loves it. It is so comfortable and rides very well. I have the red one and the color is just beautiful. I highly recommend this car, you will love it!
The build quality, materials, and styling strike me as being European. Some reviews assess the interior as "cheap" and "small". I found the interior to be very roomy and comfortable. The road noise is much lower than I expected from a car at this price-point. Options are plentiful and make it easy to make it exactly what you want.
I Like everything about this car. The only thing I dislike is the day time running lights. It is a option that someone must of ordered . 
This car is the best thing I've ever owned. I bought the car sight unseen and did not even want it. I had to trade in my Durango for a more fuel efficient vehicle. Needless to say, when I went to pick it up at the dealership I fell in love. The car actually has power, even though it is a four cylinder. The style is wonderful (my car is black with red interior). I'm telling you for the price it is amazing. It's the best bang for your buck. I've even gotten comments on it by total strangers. Remember it's anything but cute. 
I traded in my Honda Del Sol for the Caliber. I didn't want a small car or a huge SUV, therefore the Caliber was just my size. I feel safer and more confortable. I got the Red 2.0 with cruise control and free satelite radio for a year. Also with 6 disc cd changer. Tried to get one with sunroof but dealership couldn't find one with all the other features I wanted along with it.
We purchased this car for our 17 year old son and have nothing but great things to say about it. Originally, we set out to purchase a used 2004/2005 Nissan/Honda/Toyota with less than 30,000 miles. The price range on these cars was $15,000 to $17,000. We then checked on the all-new 2007 Caliber and found we could get the SXT version for $17,800. That was three months ago and the car now has 5,000 miles on it. There have been no problems whatsoever; the car averages about 30 miles per gallon; there's loads of interior space; more than adequate power; and excellent bulid quality and design. My wife and I wish we would've bought one for ourselves!
Well I go to college that is 2 hours away from home and my old car didn't seem to be making it. So I decided to purchase a new car. The Dodge Caliber caught my eye and wouldn't leave me alone. Everywhere I looked i saw an ad and I wanted it more. So finally after my first year of college I decided to go get it. I fell in love with it on the spot. The base model is prefect for a college student like me. Also I am 5 9' and I wanted a car that wouldnt feel squished in. Perfect choice. Lovin it. 
I'll be 81 years old next month and just purchased my 92nd. car, including collector cars, a 2007 Solar Yellow RT. As an attention getter it rivals my Magnum RT. There are few adjectives that can deacribe how I feel about this car. It is smooth, quiet, handles well, and has great mid range accelleration. With over 1600 miles gas mileage tank fulls have been a low of 22.3 and a high of 27.2 MPG.
We have owned our R/T AWD for a month now & we love it. We fight over it every day. We are extremely impressed with the quality of the car & the gas mileage. We average 29mpg & have had over 32mpg at times. We drive it 120 miles round trip & the majority are highway miles. The Boston Acoustics stereo easily drowns out any new model rattles. The electronicly controlled 6 spd like CVT runs smoothly but is a little jerky when slowing down. But, we seldom need to apply the brakes as the downshifting slows the car naturally. We don't have the moonroof & it has ample headroom. 18" rims without the chrome are perfect on this car. We tinted the windows & the car looks awesome! Great car to buy!
We bought the car after we researched it for a long time. It lived up to our expectations. We are very happy with the SXT sport The interior is well laid out. I didn' feel like the dash was crowded with the various displas. A lady at a gas station thought that it was a Lxus or BMW because it is such a good looking car. It' a great car to offset our 1500 mega cab. Great gas mileage, sharp looking and fully loaded, its anything but cute.
This is my first Dodge purchase ever. I am very impressed with the power, room, and quality of this vehicle. I owned an Explorer for the last 5 years and can't find anything about this car that is less appealing than the explorer. I think Dodge has a real winner hear! Hope all stays well with it! 
I traded in a Tahoe in April to get better mileage. I really liked the styling better than the other cars in this class. I have a 1.8 sxt. Loved the extra features that didn't cost an arm and a leg (heated seats, 6 disc in dash, Cool Zone, etc). Also, I am 6'3, and it has a lot of head and leg room. I don't feel cramped like I do in my wife's Civic. I have been pleasantly surprised by the car. However, it has developed a pinging noise and Dodge has said it is a "non issue". I don't get 30 mpg, more like 26. However, after driving a Tahoe, anything is better than that. Also, random warning lights have come on, but they go off when restarted. 
My wife and I absolutly love this car. We have had a few small problems. They had to change a wiring harness and fix the exhaust (rattle). We have the 2.0 CVT SXT Sport which is kind of strange at first since it does not switch gears but once you get use to it it's great. Due to this being a new car the dealerships do not have parts in inventory so we had to bring it in 5 times. Other then the little bugs and inconvienience of bringing it in 5 times I would recomend this car to anyone.
I purchased my Caliber two months ago, and I am in love with it! It handles very well both on the street, as well as the freeway. The only complaint I have with the Caliber are the driver and passenger headrests because they aren't very comfortable. Other than that, the Caliber is flawless. It is very easy and fun to drive, and surprising easy to clean and maintain. I'd recommend this car to anyone who is in the market for a new car.
This car is so much fun to drive, rides and handles very well with the 17" tires. Once I got used to the CVT it has good acceleration for the small engine. If you're looking for a mini suv/wagon/sedan for about $20,000, check this vehicle out.
I am incredibly disappointed at the lousy gas mileage this car gets. I bought it because it was the only car in its class that advertised 26 mpg and many of the reviews raved about the great gas mileage. I don't know where these people live, but I'm getting close to 20mph. I know I'm using the air, but still, I was better off with my larger more powerful Intrepid.
This car is the most fun and functional vehicle i've ever purchased. Great on gasoline, a real attention getter, and a blast to drive!
I love my Caliber. Great fuel economy, styling, and cool features. I'm getting about 38 mpg going back and forth to work. I get a lot of looks and comments where ever I go. There are some real cool features that make the car special; lighted cup holders (I don't have to guess where to put my coffee cup, the glove box cooler can hold four cans or bottles of pop and keep them cold (the other day I had a candy bar that was melting... so I put it in the glove box cooler and it was good to eat by the time I got home), there's a detachable rear dome light that doubles as a flash light (I used it to fix a friends car one night), and the rear speakers can be detached for parties.
This is a real winner. I love the gas mileage 1st of all. Then, I have to get into the drive and looks. Drives like a mid size car, no pings that most small cars have. Looks more like a guys car I have to admit. Definite tough look exterior wise, but drives well with great comfort. Love the glow in the dark drink holders and the shift located below the dash. Real retro and funky inside. Oh, not to mention the keep cool compartment located in the glove compartment. I definite hit from Chrysler.
This is a great vehicle! Spacious interior is great for us parents, but the sporty outside is perfect for cruising. Can't beat the fuel economy, I'm getting nearly 35 miles to the gallon (highway), and when you're on a tight budget, that's always a plus. It handles better than I would have suspected.
I factory ordered this and it took 7 weeks. When I showed up to pick it up 13 offers had been made on the vehicle. It is a real looker with the 18 inch tires, wheels and sports seating package. Have owned it for 2 weeks. I get a lot of looks from other drivers. The Pearl Coat Orange is very snappy. My first two fill-ups were 16.9 mpg and then 18.9 mpg. All driving has been city so far.
No problems and I avg 30 MPG. Tons of features and good fit and finish. Was not looking for the color I got but it stands out and be ready for attention (Sunburst Orange). Tons of space on the inside with very versatle interorior configurations. CVT is something to get used to. It definitly saps some of the engines power, but it makes up for it in fuel economy. Overall way underated but much better then the others I drove. For the same price you get a much bigger car with way better features. The rated MPG is very close to actuall unlike the Honda & Toyota I drove.. They may be faster, but thats all. PS. the integrated chill zone cooler really works and is very cool! 
I have had the R/T for about 2.5 months now and love it. Have put on 3500 miles with no problems. Need an oil change though. I am 6'6" and have a 100 mile round trip daily commute to work so I needed a commuter with some style. This one does the job and is very comfortable for tall people looking for a smaller car with decent gas mileage. Looks sharp and makes the drive fun. Handles better than I expected on the curves and very reasonably priced. I hope to have it around a long time. With rear seat folded I can put in my dog kennel for my 85lb German Shepard without any space issues as well. The little extras are nice but AWD and 176HP with autoshift and leather for around 20g is a good deal!
Most of the views I read talked about how unhappy everyone was with the "cheap" feeling of the interior. This is an economy car, not a BMW. I feel that my purchase was worth every penny when I compared what I got on the Caliber compared to the Fit, Yaris and Focus. I just needed a great car to get to work and grad school, but also be able to take a canoe trip with friends.
I've had nothing but imports my whole life. I've loved the design and reliability that Japan could offer me. When looking for a new car, I had a list of features that I needed. 4WD or AWD, a peppy engine, good handling, good styling, and around 20 Grand. I tested a lot and after testing the Caliber R/T I was convinced. It has alot of value in these catagories. The ride and acceleration are ultra smooth. The autostick and CVT feel generous and ready when accelerating, but jerky when breaking and downshifting. The handling is crisp for the size of the vehicle. But sharp cornering shows its high center of gravity. The end wants to wiggle loose. But the AWD system corrects minor over steer.
Traded in my 2004 Ford Mustang GT for this car. I'm now the proud owner of a black SXT CVT, fully loaded, sunroof, MusicGate, and (after market) tinted windows-black in the back. At first, my friends thought I was totally insane until they rode in it one day on the way to lunch. Much more room on the inside and more practical! Even my husband likes it because of the room. Not very good on acceleration, but hey, I'm used to an 8-cylinder Mustang! I absolutely love this car! Inside and out, she's awesome. I had wanted to eventually trade in my Mustang for an SUV and this car will tie me over for a couple years hopefully. 
I have had this car for a week and its great! It has the feel of a mini SUV but drives very smoothly. Good gas mileage and creates quite a lot of attention. Very fun car.
I have a 60 mile daily commute so fuel efficiency is mandatory. However, since that commute is through Wisconsin it is also necessary that my vehicle is able to handle rough roads/weather. Being the mother of 2 very active boys I refuse to sacrifice on interior space, this car is roomy enough for my 2 kids and the family dog (shepherd & collie mix) to sit in the back seat together comfortably. Even though it's a 4 cyl, it could easily keep up with my 3.2 V6 Intrepid. Its safety features put it in a class of its own for a lower priced car. This car looks sporty but is still a great family car. I didn't think I could find a car that met all of my needs and this one met and far exceeded them. 
We bought our Caliber in April 2006 and we love it! It gets great gas mileage. I listed what we averaged for one month and it was driven a lot in city miles, and we got great mileage! We also love the way it looks and drives! The inside is also sharp! The color we bought is the sunburst orange and it is sharp! We also liked the red! It is just a great all the way around< we did own a dodge ram 1500 quad cab and I thought we may not like the caliber because of the size but it has a lot of room and gets great gas mileage. That was the reason we were looking to trade because of gas prices and went on the Dodge web site and seen the Caliber and liked what we saw!
This car is great on gas mileage. It is an inexpensive car, so that explains the lack of interior and exterior quality. However, I think that this car gives the college student or small family car person a great choice. I've previously owned a Lexus and a Trans Am. If you want the quality of a Lexus you are going to have to pay the high price. If you want power the go buy a car that gets 10 miles to the gallon. If you're looking for medium quality, excellent gas mileage, and a low cost then this is a great buy.
This car has been awesome so far. The interior is extremely comfortable and versatile. Love the reclining rear seats and how the rear seats as well as the passenger seats fold flush to the floor for more cargo space. Also, the floor of the cargo hatch is plastic and removable for easy cleaning. The car has decent, but not great acceleration. Caliber provides an extremely smooth and comfortable ride. 
I love the gas mileage and the performance of my 2007 Caliber. Get all kinds if looks and comments on how sweet it looks. Not your average little car, that's for sure, it's sporty, zipy and great looking. 
I had a great Blazer, but too many miles and a guzzler. Was looking at the Matrix and Vibe- then I saw the commercial [one sick puppy]. I'm now the proud owner of a black SXT 2.0, CVT, fully loaded, sunroof, MusicGate, and tinted windows-black in the back. I've seen reviews suggesting lackluster speed-Not mine! I'm always first off the line, and passing is a breeze. It's no race car-after all it is a 4cyl-but it does its job well. No excessive wind noise-ofcourse I've got the Vault on Sirius blasting! I can haul my compressor, airbrushes, paints, tools, and more. If you're ever in Texas and you see a Dead-Head sticker on the back of a Black Caliber, well-that'd be me-Say Hi!!!
I've had the car for about 2 weeks now and I absolutely love it! I went all out and got the chrome, sunroof, Boston Acoustics, Driver Convenience Group, etc. It's very comfortable. I feel like I'm driving an SUV so I feel more in control over the road now. The acceleration is very smooth. I can't even feel a change. It's a great car for the money. It's almost too good to be true! Everyone stops me and asks me about it. I of course recommend it! It's a safe car, well priced, and definitely fun to drive!
I took the car for a test drive and before I went 1/4 of a mile I told the salesman to make me a deal on the car. I loved everything about it. The only draw back to me is the high step over getting in & out of the car and that is minimal. I love the car. Dodge has a winner
I traded in a Dodge Dakota V8 to save on fuel costs. The Caliber has comfortable seating compared to other smaller cars. It has a smooth ride. The second day of driving I noticed a high pitched ringing noise. This appears to be the high pressure fuel pump. The dealer and Chrysler refuse to acknowledge it is a problem and refused to replace the pump. I don't think I should hear the fuel pump operating inside the vehicle. It did not make that sound when I took delivery but started 100 miles later. It is very annoying unless you listen to loud music that drowns out the sound.
I have had nothing but Fords for the past 20 years or so. But when I needed to look for a new car, they didn't have anything for me. The Caliber had absolutely everything I was looking for at an affordable price, so I took a more serious look at the car. I have had it now almost 2 weeks and just love it!
We have owned this vehicle for four weeks. We purchased it as a backup to our full-size conversion van, but are using it as our main vehicle due to the fuel economy and fun and easy to drive.
This is the most comfortable car to drive in its price range. Believe me before my purchase I had test driven them all. I love the design and the fact that this car looks different from everything else on the Market. I was between this car and the Mazda 3, to get the Mazda with the Same features it would have cost me $2000-3000 more!
This is my first car - all other vehicles have been trucks or SUV's. I love driving this car, and it was easy to make the transition from a Durango to the Caliber. It drives great and seems to have a lot of power for a 4 cyl. 
This is a very stylish car on both the exterior and interior. It is small and easy to park, but carries tons of stuff. I love that it both rides up high like and SUV and handles really well like a sports car. I'm 6'2", and I have plenty of head room and look good driving this car. I have owned only imports up until now - if America keeps coming out with cars like this I will never need to go back.
I traded in my full size Ram to save on gas and provide the household with 2 cars for getting around. 1st bug! The check engine light has bad wiring and we are waiting on Dodge to send the replacement. 2nd bug! The model we bought has a Firestone tire that is not released to the public yet. and it is on back order and guessed it! We had a flat that could not be patched. So after 3 weeks we are waiting on a tire and a new wire so the check engine light will work correct. I hope nothing is wrong with the engine because the dealership just told us to drive it there is no problem!
I llove this car. Fun to drive. You do not feel the transmission shift. Lots of space. Good gas mileage even before being broken in. Great car. 
After months of looking and test driving several cars, I found this lovely delight. I would not change anything about this car, it is a great family car and my husband loves to drive it. Dodge did a great thing.
Well balanced to drive. My R/T has plenly of power. I still haven't figured out how a car can have no gears and an auto-stick, but not a problem.
This is Dodge at its best. I have driven many cars, but the design, fuel mileage and interior were all what I would expect to see on a $30,000 car. Good job Dodge.
I didn't expect to be the owner of a Dodge, but when I took this car out on a test drive, I absolutely fell in love with it! I love the way it handles and rides, and I've already taken it on it's first big trip. Everywhere we stopped, people would come around and ask us what kind of a car it was! It really attracted alot of attention!
Fun car. It is very good on gas mileage and it seats five well. It looks very sporty and it handles well. not a powerhouse but it gets you there 
Long time Ford advocate tries Dodge. I chose this vehicle over the Ford Escape and it fits my needs very well. Feels like a more expensive car than it is. Love the "indiglo" lit dash and cup holders. Sharp look without going overboard. Got it in the CVT which is very smooth although a little louder than I expected at times. Currently has a dash light on that right now Dodge can not fix. Told its an oxygen sensor bug. Seems that Ford had slightly better customer service.
I went from a Firebird to this car with relative ease. I needed a 4 door vehicle and this was the best buy for the buck. I would recommend this car to anyone looking for an american made four door automobile that gets good gas mileage.
Nice little car, if that's what you want to call it. The look sold us from the first, not crazy about the test drive, but wife like it and we drove it home. After 250 miles, got use to the CVT and small motor (I drive a F150 daily) and now use it to commute (wife has company car so don't get mad at me). The CVT makes driving fun again, MPG is very good also, running about 29 for us so far. Great for the money expecally for frist year model, usually they work out bugs after year 1, but Dodge did a good job with this one. If I have to sum the Caliber up in one word, it would be fun. Fun to drive, ride in, look at, just a feel good car. Even the color we bought, orange, is fun.
I am thrilled with this vehicle. I think it is the best new vehicle on the market for the money. This car should set the benchmark for intelligent versatility in its segment. I had very high hopes for what it would be and they were all met.
After driving a van for over 7 years, I was concerned about going back into a car. This car rides and drives like no other I have ever driven. By far the best quality vehicle for the money. All the added special features make you feel that you are driving a luxury vehicle and all the safety features make sure that you have a fun and more importantly, safe drive. For a 4 cylinder it is very quick and does not bog at all on takeoff. The gas mileage is definitely a plus!
I liked this car from the moment I saw it in the show room. We decided to test drive it. They only had an SXT with the middle engine. A little underpowered for me since I already owned an Intrepid R/T. We next test drove the Caliber R/T. We bought it that day. Every day I drive it I like it better. It took a little getting used to the CVT transmission but now that I understand it, I like it even more. Power is there when I need it. The interior is really nice. Different. The exterior is funky. But a nice funky. I have a red Caliber and I am literally a driving bill board for this car. Everyone wants to know more about it. Great job, Dodge
We just bought used 2007 dodge caliber SXT and love it so far. The only thing is that we can't seem to find the drivers seat height adjustment. The car came without a owners manual. Currently my husbands head sticks out the sunroof somewhat.:) Can anyone help us to locate where it might be??
i bought mine with 15miles on it. i bought it 3 days after it first came out and have had no problems with the car. i personally love my car. if u keep up with the actual maintenance recommended then it shouldnt be bad at all. i have had the car for 3 years now and love it to death.
I purchased a dodge caliber used with only 19,000 miles in Feb. 2008. In June 2008 i noticed my car makeing a knocking noise when accelerateing or slowing down at this time the car only had 33,000 miles on it so it was still covered under warranty. So I took it to a dodge dealer here in this area and they checked it out and told me there was nothing wrong with it. I didn't agree so i took it to another dodge dealer the next week and they said nothing was wrong with it. So i gave up and of course the warranty went out and it is still making that noise well i took it to another mechnic and he told me that it was the transmission. And I'm a single mother and i cant afford $2500 to fix it!
I bought the car brand new. I regret this purchase everyday. Since it's purchase I have had nothing but problem. It's needed new struts, tie- rod ends, has electrical issues, tires are shot after 20,000 miles, and at 30,000 the starter and relay is bad! This is just a bad car!!! If it would do me any good....I'd park it right in front of the bank!! No need for the repo man....I'm giving this one a special delivery!! Big ticket item with BIG PROBLEMS! Dodge went wrong on this one!
I bought this car from enterprise. After the 1st week i needed a new transmission.(miles 34,000) 2 weeks later i need another transmission. Now i need a new engine because some rod broke. Worst car ever. Engine stalls when im on the highway. I bought it for $12,000. I tried to sell it back to enterprise and they will only give me $5,000. They said the Cailber doesn't hold its value. So after 2 months it lost $7,000.00. Im stuck with it. I should have bought the charger!!!! STAY CLEAR FROM THIS CAR!! DO NOT BUY!!!
I purchased my 2007 Caliber SXT (CVT, 2.0L) used with 1700 miles. It now has 15000 miles and zero problems. It's quiet at highway speeds and doesn't produce headache inducing sounds as the CVT keeps the rpms relatively low. Try driving a Honda Fit at 75 mph and you'll wish you were hard of hearing. Sharp looking car. I like the design of the interior, but way too much plastic. I guess the plastic makes since if Dodge was going after a rugged SUV/truck feel. Seats are very comfortable. Look up the TSB for the reprogram of the CVT. Being yours into the dealer and complain about sluggish performance. (They won't do a reprogram if you don't say there's a problem) Big difference!
I have had the SXT model with a 2.4L 4- CYL with CVT for a month now and I love it! It's a solid, all-around car. For the money, it's a fantastic value! Some folks will point out that it doesn't perform as well as some of the other "hot hatches" but unless you're going R/T, you're not buying this to blow people off the road! It's got great cargo space, well thought out features, decent gas mileage, performs well in slippery conditions and snow. Infinity Stereo is great! Yeah, Dodge went a bit overboard on the Interior Plastic but hey, it's durable. Love the Exterior Styling and it is very quiet. Also, is it a coincidence that Toyota is trumpeting the new Venza? Looks a LOT like the Caliber!
I purchased this car because I wanted something larger but with great gas mileage. The transmission is shot and I have only had the car for TWO years. :-(
I've own this car since March 2007 and had a first great year, that's it! Ever since my car have been to the dealership almost every month. I had and still have the squeak sound in the back suspension, the mechanics seem to be clueless about it even after they changed from the chock to the bushings and some other things then the was and still is something weird. When I start the car, the RPM rev up and down about 5 seconds and if I try to put it in reverse the motor just stops and it's hard to start it again and I have to wait until the car warms up about 15 mins to be able to leave and sometimes the motor even totally stops at a red light.
I have had my car for almost a year now. I live up north and we have had over 15ft of snow so far this winter and only half way through it. It handles well in the snow, this was one of the major reasons I chose this car. It doesn't have any problems starting on those below zero mornings. I make long trips regularly and this car helps me get through them. The seats are very comfortable. The only problems I have had were there when I purchased. The cruise control was never hooked up correctly and one speaker didn't work right (which there was a recall on so I got all 4 replaced). I know some people say it is loud but it is the quietest car I have ever owned.
 Planned to get another Vibe. Not when I saw this Caliber. Love all the options and at a much lower price than the Vibe. Even got heated seats. Got things you can't even get on a Vibe. So many more safety features too. Really get looks when driving it. This is not just a car for the twentysomethings. 
Now I'm a fussy car guy and this is the wife's car. I like the smooth CVT. It is a crossover so it's higher with all that that brings to handling. The car feels big on the road which is good, and bad. Previous car PT Cruiser. This has a smaller engine, more pep, and better gas mileage - what's not to like? It doesn't have as much storage or clever nooks as the Cruiser. It is very smooth around town and is great for running errands but Firestone tires are noisy - can't wait to change them out. Good gas mileage. Overall - funky new design. Are there better dynamics out there - yes, but this is crossover. Is it better than a SUV - yes. Bang for the buck = excellent.
We decided to "downsize" from a Pacifica. Decided on the R/T AWD with a few extras like the driver convenience package (which we like -- compass, outside temp, etc.). Even with the extras, a great value. CVT takes a little getting used to, but the autostick is kind of fun. We like the exterior styling, with a higher stance than most cars its size. Only criticism is that the 6 disc CD changer doesn't have the MP3 mini- jack, so I'll have to get an FM modulator. 
Traded in a Chevy Imapala for a fun change. Really enjoying the ride and the comments from others really positive. Miss a few of the luxury features on the Chevy, but think the Caliber is delivering for me.
I was looking for a car that was dog friendly, but was disappointed with the station wagon and/or hatchback look of the autos that were out there. Then along came the Dodge Caliber! Love the design or hate it - it's definitely not your grandmother's car. The SXT with CVT2 is the way to go. Add what you like (for me it was the aluminum wheels, fog lights, and speed control). The car feels and looks much larger than it really is. 
Nice driving and safe car. Lots more room than my 2004 Saturn 4-door, especially for the kids in back. Drives much better, too. Some recent reviews have overly criticized this car, in my opinion. I got this car for less than $1000 more than a 2006 Saturn Ion would have cost me, which has less safety features and was not to my liking. For the money, I do not think you will find a more attractive, safe, or versatile vehicle out there.
I saw the ad online, did my research and knew this was the car for me. I got all the benefits of the SUV I was driving with handling and fuel economy of a car. Selection is still hard to come by at the dealerships
I have only had my car for a week so far I love it. I also have a Ram 1500. and to me this is a mini ram. It is fun to drive and turns heads where ever we go. I hope we will have a long relationship. It has great gas mileage.
I'm 6 ft tall and even though it looks small on the outside, my first trip was for an hour with my wife and 2 kids, a vaccuum cleaner, 6 bags of soda and chips, a case of water, and all the stuff that came out of my old vehicle. Plenty of room! Power is acceptable for AWD and a 4 popper. The CVT with autostick is really neat and very smooth. Engine is very quiet. First 4 cyl I've been in that wasn't whiny. Comparing the Civic, Mazda 3, Focus, and Vibe, this rocks for the same price/features as the rest. Exterior is very different and Dodgy, much better than the others IMHO.
Even though I have had my Caliber one week I love the pick up and the smooth and quiet ride. The car certainly turns heads on the road. I would recommend to anyone who is looking for a car with spunk!
Just traded my 2005 Jeep Wrangler X on this great little car. Makes the Jeep look like a dinosaur. They put their thinking caps on for this one. I have greatly anticipated its arrival. I have already sold a friend on getting one. My neighbor also. I get looks as if I were in an Aston Martin??? Rack one up for the USA and Dodge! 
Read the Edmunds review that said was going to be a 20 something vehicle. Don't believe it. Traded in a '99 Eddie Bauer Expedition for 2.0L 4cyl SXT. The styling is phenomenal and is very roomy inside. All the comforts you need and more if you want to add them. Very reasonably priced. Been driving for over a week and love everything about it. Smooth ride, great acceleration for a small engine, well designed interior. For someone who is used to driving a tank to love a small vehicle this much it has got to have something. Check it out - driving it is believing.
I bought my wife a Caliber this week, and we both love it. The CVT takes some getting used to, but it is very smooth. It's a compact car, so you have to expect it's not going to be as roomy as a Durango. The standard stereo performs very well, and the aux. jack is perfect for the Ipod. Side airbags, 17" wheels, and foglights. I paid cost for the car which was $17K, and you can't find another car with the capabilities and features for the money.
My husband and I love this crossover vechicle. The seats are high, great visibility, plenty of room, great fuel economy, comfortable ride and handles well. We never thought we would find such a wonderful little SUV in the midst of all the vechicles on the market. The cruise control works great.
I was just in for a oil change and saw the Caliber in the showroom. My wife and I did a test drive and turned in both our cars for a trade in. It drives smooth for a 4 cyl and the exterior and interior are nicely done. You know what? My wife won't pass the keys now. We really like the IPOD feature and you think kids are the only one to use this extra feature. Fun car and a keeper!
The interior is very thoughtfully designed and of good quality materials (thanks MB). I traded in a 2001 Volvo V70 on this and am happy with the exchange. I can't comment on reliability yet, but have high hopes. I have the CVT and must point out that many people hate them, thinking they're sluggish. They take an entirely different behavior to drive properly, first and foremost being: do NOT feather the gas! It gives decent acceleration performance once you understand its behavior. My only complaints are some wind noise above 35 and the seat is a bit high for me - I'm 6'7", so anyone can fit in this.
Wonderful car thus far. Love how it is a crossover between a sedan (fuel economy/driving performance) vs. SUV(utility/seats higher up) 
Great price for a whole lot of car. You can't beat it when it comes to price for everything u get on this vehicle. It looks and handles like a mini SUV and I've had a lot of people say how much they like the looks of it.
So far I love this car. It is so roomy. This is no Neon. People need to stop comparing it to the Neon. It drives great and it is so fun. Love the interior with the cooler and tons of extras. Very happy so far. Only had it 2 days but very surprised. It's a blast. Don't rule it out if you have a family. I have a 10 year old and 13 year old and they are very comfortable. Plenty of space. So glad I test drove this one. The orange is gorgeous in person, we went with the silver, a little more "mom like" !! People are amazed, this car is turning heads like crazy!! It's a winner. 
The hype "was" that this was a replacement for the NEON! This car is so much better than the Neon, it has a removable Ultra deck (cargo deck that will hold up to 250 pounds. I have a navigation system with a boom box that that is attached to the rear hatch door with 348 watts of power for tailgating parties. I also have a place for my ipod that plays through the speaker system in the car. This is not another NEON, this is the new Dodge CALIBER!
Welp, after being told I was crazy and all the clunking noises, I have dumped my Caliber. It actually got good mileage, it had to have something good. Frankly, I was starting to fear the car was going to fly apart. The dealership service kept telling me it was the tires making the noises, and I told them 'You let me drive it off the lot like this' I took it to Firestone and they said the tires were fine, numerous times. Come on! If I had needed tires, I reckon Firestone would have wanted to make a buck or two. Anywho, I wouldn't recommend the Caliber. Too bad, I thought it was going to be a pretty good car.
This car has great acceleration and a sporty design with tons of room inside. It handles in snow and can pass like a beast. Mine has no problems and its at 65,000 as of today. My only complaint is the tiny gas tank. By the time your gas light is on youve usually gone through only 11 or so gallons of gas. I feel like a kid that has to go to the bathroom every ten minutes when I'm stopping for gas every few days.
Traded an 05 Liberty due to poor gas mileage. Not much better with this unless you have a tailwind or don't use the A/C or defrost. All 4 tires worn on inner tread at 20,000 miles. Dealer told me Chrysler would not do anything about it but I was welcome to call them. Had the dealer diagnose the problem and found 3 of 4 wheels out of alignment along with the trust angle. Told Chrysler they will fix it and replace the tires or I will never buy another Mopar. Scheduled to be fixed in 4 days. First car I have ever had snow pack in the wheels causing them to go out of balance. Shortly after purchase, car died at the grocery store. Unhooked battery to get started. Dealer replaced module.
Absolutely the worst vehicle I have ever had! I leased an R/T and parked it for the last month of the lease not because of high miles but this car was so noisy inside, rode like a truck, wore out all four OEM tires in 27k miles, junked one battery, had no handling at all, no throttle response and poor mileage for a 2.4L. Other owners of the same car agreed with me and family members that had the opportunity to drive my R/T could not believe how bad a car is was. 
Bought new 51 weeks ago; run 27000 miles already, mostly my 50-mile daily commute down the I-5 in So. Cal each day, plus three trips to Vegas, and city errand/kids school carpool driving etc. This is the only new car (of six I've owned)that has not had any defects or problems whatsoever. The original Firestone 18" performance tires still have plenty of service life left, and surprisingly so do the original brakes. The only service has been oil changes every 5K miles ($17 at the Dodge dlr, not bad for OEM) My 16 yr old daughter thinks this car is cool. Definitely get the R/T though, as added amenities, bigger engine, autostick, and 4wheel disc brakes are crucial for the enjoyment of this car.
This car will not make it to 100k. Electrical problems, battery will go dead for no reason. Terrible acceleration due to very poor CVT. Gas mileage suffers. Because of it you need to go deeper on the gas pedal to get up to speed. In shop for numerous repairs only has 30k miles on it. In shop now because a coolant leak from the engine not the radiator or hose but a main pipe that leads to the engine has to be checked out to see if new engine is needed. Terrible blind spots. Check plastic in trunk scratches and scuffs very easy. I won't be surprised at all if people that previously reviewed the car good need to come update it. Now I see why they need a bailout this being one of the reasons. I own 97 Camry with 200k miles less problems than this car at 30k 
I'm reading the reviews here and getting nervous about the transmission. For the last several fuel fill-ups, the car doesn't accelerate properly. It'll go, then there's a noticeable loss of power upon acceleration, then go, while my RPMs are all over the place. Usually, after getting gas, I'll have to pull over and re-tighten the gas cap (it looks like I have OCD at the pump... putting the cap on over and over, until I feel like I have a good seal). This morning (at 55k) my check engine light came on for no reason (haven't refueled in days). I'd like nothing more than to get the light to turn off, and trade it in before I'm out 4+k. 
I have been driving Chrysler products for many years because I find them more reliable. I chose the 2007 Dodge Caliber after I tried out Matrix and others and notice the structure was much safer looking and it had a 5 star rating and it felt more like a safer car to ride in. After reading of so many being injured and killed in Toyota and other small cars I chose the Caliber and I'm glad I did. The ride is unbelievable, performance and economy better than expected. I usually trade every two years but this one's a keeper for another year or two. Compare the structure of this vehicle with Japan's vehicles and you will feel safe in a Caliber 
If you haven't owned a Big 3 car in years, this car will justify that. I like the looks and the mileage is okay but this is the first car that I owned since the early 80's that would not start up on a cold morning. It finally did start after a few trys and pumping the gas. I have the feeling from reading some of the other reviews, that I won't be getting I lot of years out of this car. 
Bought my 2007 SXT 2.0 CVT nearly 2 years ago and have only replaced the cruise control switch ($25). I am not crazy about the CVT but getting used to it. Tires are still original with 80,000 km. Fuel economy average at 8 L/100 km.
I went with a smaller vehicle for gas reasons. I find myself putting $40-$50 a week in this car. I think it was over-rated when they put the gas mileage on the vehicle. I also had it in the shop for road noise,"the tires were deflated to put into showroom, and never were inflated for me at pick- up". It still sound like a mac truck from the inside, it is so loud that I can't even hear a siren when its behind me. I have to turn the radio up loud to just cover up the road noise. I really wished I had shopped around more before purchasing this vehicle. It rides like a lumber wagon!
My Caliber is now in the shop because I need a new transmission. I have 30,000 miles on the car. I thank God that it is still under warranty. I bought it before the new warranty of 100,000 miles. I am thinking about selling it and buying something other than a Dodge. I like the car but I can't afford for this to happen again since my warranty will be over soon.
I drive 130 highway miles every day. I bought the caliber because I needed an economical car with awd. The CVT is awful! At 50k, something was wrong. I took it in to the dealer and found out it needed a new tranny. A new tranny at 50k miles! I bought the car 4 months before Chrysler offered the lifetime warranty. With labor and tax, I was looking at $4000. The dealer wouldn?t do anything. They even told me that my caliber was not the first that they replaced the transmission in. I decided to call Chrysler for help. After 3 hours on the phone, I was able to convince them to pay for it. Never buy a vehicle with CVT. I will never buy a Chrysler vehicle again. Spend the extra money and get a Toyota or Honda.
If you are considering this vehicle make sure that you check out all of the competition first! My main motive for purchasing this car was price as I was eligible for the employee discount. I got the 1.8 with manual trans, because I just don't trust CVTs to hold up for the long run. After 28k miles the exterior plastic is fading, the mileage is awful, and it still has a problem stalling at random (not driver induced, it often happens in neutral.) Perhaps all these problems are due to it being a first run year, but either way I would be weary.
This car is very comfortable, and has a nice feeling to drive, but it is extremely unsafe, the visibility on this thing is the worst of any car I've ever driven.
I am a Volvo man - have owned 7 over the years (still own a 1994 940. I recently bought my first Dodge and am extremely happy with it. The reason I looked at the Caliber is I am a wheelchair user (manual, non-folding ultralight weight) and I have found that most new cars on the market are either too small to hold my wheelchair (without taking it apart), are huge gas guzzlers, or are too expensive for my budget. The Caliber will hold my wheelchair, gets great gas mileage, and is one of the least expensive new cars I have ever bought. It totally satisfies my requirements, is fun to drive and the dealer/service department is excellent. I highly recommend this vehicle.
I love my 2007 Caliber. It looks and drives great. The ride is not as smooth as my previous vehicle, a PT Cruiser, but that was to be expected. I also love the Sunburst Orange color and the orange inserts in the seats. All in all a fun car to drive.
After 66,666 freeway miles, the CVT transmission has failed and needs to be replaced at a cost of $4,500 in a vehicle worth approx $13,000. It will be dumped on another unsuspecting sap before the replacement transmission fails, which is certain.
I wish I had taken my caliber out on the highway for a test drive instead of local streets. I'm disappointed in the noise it make when I hit speeds of 55-60. I was told it was the CVT transmission causing the loud humming noise. I also don't like the small rear window it's difficult when backing out to get a full and clear view of what is behind you. It's a nice looking car and comfortable inside.I like that you sit high in the seat and the console is adjustable. 
Big mistake, tires shot @ 12,000 miles even after rotating when needed & nobody will do anything but pass the buck back and forth. After about 6 months started falling on its face had @ dealership 3 times. Of course nothing wrong (I was crazy) until it would not start. Had to be towed, main computer chip went out. Service dept. Total jerks, terrible gas mileage, lots of blind spots. Can't tell you how times I have almost hit people changing lanes. Make sure you always look 2 or 3 times before switching lanes. I told my boyfriend this car is going to be the death of me and make sure Dodge pays dearly for it. 
After reading quite a few of these reviews, the common theme is tire issues. I, too, have been told that my tires need to be replaced. I have been told that it could be because of my alignment, suspension, tire pressure, you name it!! It just seems odd that a lot of people seem to have this issue. Chrysler won't do anything, sent me to Firestone, who sent me back to the dealership. Not good!! Very poor customer service. When are they going to take the hint and look into what is causing the problem?
I bought this as a used fleet car at 16,000 miles. It's the 2.0 CVT SXT. I have had no problems thus far. The tires have been changed eliminating any road noise. AC is cold at 30 degrees lower than outside temp, chillzone stays at 65 to 75 degrees with ac on and vent open. I replaced the stock speakers but left the stock radio. I get avg. 28 city/ 32 highway mpg. Plenty of spunk for stop lights and city traffic dodging. Handles well, and will spin tires. Doesn't haul butt, 0-30 in 3 seconds and 30-60 in another 9 seconds. But, it is a clean looking car that's fun to drive with acceptable mpg and features. The new 2008s have more standard features now, but I'm glad to own an original.
I was looking for a small car for by wife and test drove several. All most bought a new Chevy HHR. Went by the Dodge dealer and saw a program 07 Caliber. This vehicle had the most comfortable seats and drove better also the most fun to drive. I bought a 07 Sebring as well which is a great car but I like driving the Caliber more. It has more of a fun factor. The seats are a lot more comfortable as well. The CVT tranny makes the 2.0 quick of the line. The CVT is different from a standard automatic but that is not a bad thing. Road noise is about average for small car. The MPG is good. My friend bought a new VW Rabbit and he likes the Caliber better than his new car. I recommend this car.
I bought a new left over 2007 Caliber in March of 2008. I had the car a week when I hit a deer. The car broke like a plastic toy. The front end was completely smashed, the car was not drivable with broken parts and debris covering the roadway. The damage $10,000 and I only hit a deer! The Dodge dealer has had my car since March 17, 2008 and I have been driving a rental for 3 months because Dodge will not release the parts. The local Dodge dealer has been super. My insurance stopped paying after 30 days and the Dodge dealer is picking up the remainder. I am extremely disappointed with the Customer service and support or lack of it provided by the manufacturer!!
I'm 5'2" and sit high in the seat and don't feel like I'm sitting on the ground. I don't have a problem seeing out of the car. I've always preferred small cars (Ford-pinto/escort & Hyundai-excel). I wanted a larger car but not a large car. This has a lot of room but drives like a smaller car. My Dad who is 6'2" thought it had a lot of room in the back seat. My mom who drives a large SUV thought I had more cargo room that she does. My children are grown but I think it would make a great family car. I think it would be great for anyone even teens because of the safety features and visibility.
I purchased this car new and regret that day ever existed. I also purchased the extended warranty which does me no good because nobody will honor it. I've been towed 5 times in the past 3 weeks because i have a transmission problem and my car loses power and goes into limp mode. The only thing my dealership had to say to me was, "I hope you purchased good life insurance." I have taken more time off work and lost so much money because of it and they can't or won't even fix the car. They always have an excuse saying they can't find the problem. Then they say that they found it and fixed it and two days later i get towed again. I wish this car would blow up when I'm not in it of course.
This car drive very well, the engine is very powerful while using as little gas as possible, i do not find this car very bad on gas usage, but very great, and it tends to take a week or so depending on whether or not I am heading out across the state or if I am going across town, it's very reliable, yes it will need more gas to get across the state.
We bought this car because of the size and as a winter driver thought it would be safer than the PT Cruiser I had previously. After having the car a month I had to have the front end worked on. At 24,000 miles I have been told I have to replace all 4 tires as the make is not a "good tire for the car." 18 inch tires are $200 each. Also I purchased the extended service for oil changes for the life time of the car and the dealer has gone out of service. Dodge will not honor the contract. My review is: the car is a waste of good money and as a Dodge product I find it sadly lacking in comfort, gas mileage and most of all service through the Dodge dealers. SAD CAR!
I drive to Florida each winter and find this gem more comfortable to travel in than my minivans. I owned a 1996 caravan and a 2000 Chrysler.
I purchased one of the first Calibers available. We knew we were purchasing an inexpensively built car so high expectations for quality of the interior and ride were not a factor. It was a sharp, fun, inexpensive car. The fuel rating also sold us and is the only negative we have. We have driven the car 24,000 miles now and the typical overall mileage is around 23 mpg even though the "city" low rating is 26. This was a severe misstatement by Dodge. I have owned several new cars and trucks over my 35 years of driving and have always gotten at least the minimum reported mileage that was disclosed. Yet, we still love our little yellow Caliber!
I drive 150 miles a day to and from work at an average of 70 MPH. I still get at least 28 MPG! From a big Ford P/U to this little gem was quite a switch, but well worth it! A little too much plastic, but otherwise a sweet car. I'll buy another one in a couple years if they're still around.
I really liked this car when I first got it, paid a little more than I probably should have and now way too upside down to trade in. Now major issues are coming up. I have 12,000 miles now, starting around 6,000 was a thumping noise. Apparently all four tires are bad and Firestone won't warranty them, Dodge just denies it's the car! Also, poor design (when you roll down the rear windows, the car shakes so bad, it hurts your ears, sounds like a helicopter on the roof) Also do not like the rubbery plastic interior. Once you bump into it with something, big scratch! Also hate the white ceiling and its fabric. Passenger heated seat hardly warms up. Overall, getting more and more unhappy!!
I purchased this as a daily commuter vehicle averaging about 100 miles round trip. The interior was making noise from the vibration upon acceleration. I applied clear silicone to where the plastic touched metal and this seemed to stop. The car is not insulated very well and the cabin is very noisy at highway speeds. The pickup is horrible. I expected more from the 177 HP engine. The gas gauge is screwy and no where near accurate. When the light goes on you better get gas quick! Although there were plenty of places to put things it seemed as though I never had enough room. I traded this car in @ 22K miles.
At 20K miles the road noise was deafening and we noticed the passenger rear tire was warn down to the tread markers. Upon evaluation, we were told that we needed to purchase 4 new tires. We were not given any explanation as to why we were being held responsible for the worn tires. Some research revealed that we are not the only ones with this issue. Chrysler sent us to Firestone. Firestone engineers, said that the tire specified by Chrysler is softer and does not qualify for any tread warranty. The Firestone told me that Chrysler knows that the tires are no good after 12K to 15K miles. Chrysler refuses to help. The only resolution is buy new tires. Apparently, once a year.
Just wanted to let everyone know that this is a nice little car. I would definitely not rate it as high as most of the people below but for the price it's very nice. I drive a lot of miles and get around 25 mpg no matter how I drive. I tried for 2 weeks to drive slow and see what my mpg would be and it was slightly over 26. I would also suggest to stay away from the dark colors, I got black , it has a white under coat and the scratches really jump out. Over all its a nice little car for the price. 
Bought this car used from a Dodge dealer. I have had it 6 weeks I'm 6'4 and use the car for work. Yes the engine is noisy and, yes, it's slow but I get 24 MPG in city driving. I drive over 150 miles a week in the city and use half a tank a gas. Good second or third car or for a young person. Watch your outside mirrors they don't fold in I have lost 2 while parked to trucks. To replace them ( power) they are only 70 bucks at the dealer and you can do it yourself. I recommend the car!!!
I really hate this car. The inside features are not intuitive at all. My son has been pinched with the door locks that auto lock. The seats make your back hurt after any length of time. The trade in value on this car sucks. I owe more than I could ever hope to get back on it. I am praying for the day that I get it paid for so I can just trade it in and get rid of it. It has 4 doors but absolutely no room in the back unless you have the seat tilted so far back you look at the ceiling. The windows are so hard to look out of the visibility sucks. The mileage on the car runs about 26 mpg if we are lucky. The only good point is that it is very good in the snow.
I bought this car in October and have already traded it in. It was in the shop more than i drove it. Power steering hose, PC board, alignment, creaking noises, grinding noises are just few of the problems. I can't say anything good about this car, i went back to my Pontiac and love it.
wooooh! excellent vehicle, I have my caliber since april 2007, and I've been able to do everything with her. Her gas mileage is awesome, performance is great when you want it thanks to the CVT if you press and depress the pedal quickly the car changes from economy to max performance and believe me it turns out to be a "little monster". Traction, brake force, and cornering is awesome with her. Interiors are great, I don't have the musicgate sound system, just stick with the four speaker system that sounds better than any car in its category, with an extremely deep bass, and high treble there is no need for an upgrade. Cooler works out perfectly, roomy and quiet
Every time I wash my Caliber, it is dusty and dirty almost immediately on the back windshield, bumper, and back door on clean dry highways!!..Must be a design flaw..anybody else notice this?..All in all, love my Caliber SXT..Steel Blue with chrome door handles and gas cap and front grille, aluminum wheels and smoke window visors and bug shield and chrome "Dodge" front License Plate..gets lots of looks and 29 mpg with Mopar Synthetic...32,000 miles and going strong!!!....Love the new Dodge Journeys that are coming out..already thinking about that for 2009.... 
I leased my Caliber in May of 2007. So far I have driven only 5250 miles as I drive only on weekends and to the train station each day. In the time I have had it the car has been perfect. Great in snow, starts right up in the cold, and the ride is good. Not tons of space but enough for food shopping each week and just about all my errands. Excellent fuel economy. 
Fun car except very loud rear end noise after 16000 miles. Makes driving very loud. Well laid out interior but inane design of passenger dash lift up compartment. Beverage cooler functionally useless. Snow in wheels equals very unbalanced tires.
This is a great car. I've been driving it on the autobahn in Germany for the past couple of months. I don't have the road noise people compalain about (unless I open my windows). I drives great. Accelerates great for the money (it's not a 5 series BMW), has plenty of room and great gadgets to make long trips comfortable. Sometimes it feels like it's going slow, untill I look down and realize I'm doing 90. I have driven this car in every condition, and it has done nothing but surprise me. 
I purchased my 2007 AWD R/T used with 11,000 miles. I enjoy the slap shift tranny and it's great in bad weather. Simply downshift instead of breaking and it stays straight and stops well. Interior is very compfortable for four adults. Reclining rear seats a plus. Can't hook up my Ipod - bummer! Add the shock tower support for a more solid feel - it works great and reduces cowl shake on bumps plus improves cornering. Over all I am enjoying the call a lot. Average mileage for city is 22 mpg on the highway over 27. Not bad for all wheel drive. If I shift manually it is great fun to drive as well. I recommend the 2.4L engine for improved performance. Enjoy your Caliber. 
Ok so about a year and a half ago I traded in my Subie for a 2003 Liberty. It was fun but not roomy. A month ago I traded that for an 07 Caliber. Let me tell you, this is the best little big car I've ever owned. More leg and head room than the Jeep and that comes from someone thats 6'4". Brakes well and corners flawlessly. Acceleration is a little to be desired but hey, I get almost 400 miles to the tank! Thats perfect considering I manage to average 15000 to 20000 in a years time. I love my Little Monster (if only I got Sunburst Orange).
I have had my Caliber SXT for 3 months and 8000 miles now. I get lots of comments on it's looks, and the aluminum rims really add to it. Keeping in mind the price, we love it! The musicgate sound system has amazing bass and power. It has a very smooth ride for a "small car". When stopped, we can not even feel the engine running, as there is no miss or vibration! The chilled glove box is a nice feature. The gas mileage has not been what I hoped for at around 24mpg with a lot of highway miles, but it has been winter driving. Winter handling has been impressive so far. I highly recommend the Caliber to anyone looking for a new car in the mid/upper teens price range.
This car is a good commuter car. I bought it because it seems the car best balancing gas mileage and interior space. I'm on the tall side at 6'4". It is slow and handles poorly when pressed, but I don't dirve that way. The tubing covering the break lines has dropped down 4 times and the dealer does not seem to have a solution. I had to fix it. The steering wheel controls for the radio/cd player have a mind of their own. The left button that should change the stations only does that occasionally. Mostly it lowers or raises the volume randomly. I no longer us it. I don't know that I'd buy this one again, but I'm not terribly dissatisfied either. 
After 1 year and 8000 miles, No problems. averaging 26 miles to the gallon. Fun to drive. Still turns heads. I like the comfort of the car, and all of the bells and whistles. I have the 17 inch wheels, which look better on this car. also have cvt transmission and love the silent shift. probably the best car I have ever owned. 
This car reminds me of the Volkswagon Jetta, people kept them for years. The only difference is that the Caliber is a lot bigger and roomier. If you get the 5-speed, manual transmission and the 1.8L engine, you won't have any acceleration problems and you'll get great milleage. I get over 400 miles per tank (13.5 gallons) city and highway average. If you get the fold-down front seat option you've got a vehicle for car camping. The car has a lot of front leg room; I'm 6'5" tall and I am very comfortable (when the seat is all the way back, there probably isn't a lot of rear leg room. The only noise I hear is when I'm on old, degraded pavement.
I had a PT Crusier that was a very good car. But I need a up grade and saw this car. Drove it and said this is the one for me. Everyone tells me that I pick the car that is for me and they love this one. It's a very nice care. I can't wait. Road trip. 
This car is great on dry roads, but I am extremely unhappy with the tires. I had to replace all after 17000 miles, and do not think they are good winter snow tires like I am used to from my previously owned Subaru. Maybe this problem will be corrected with a demand for a better all-season tire. I hit a deer with the center front. We had over 2000 in damages, but my 87 year old aunt in the passenger seat wasn't even jarred! Really dislike the hatch system and how you have to readjust the dash lights every time you start the car.
I'm a little scared about the traction during bad weather. I had stopped at a red light, and it was raining, when I started go forward after the light had change the wheels on the car started to spin. Now that I have this car I feel that the safety rate on this car, should be re-rated again. It's scary to be behind another car at a car length behind and all of a sudden the car in front of you make a sudden stop. I think that this car should be a re- call.
Purchased a Caliber for my wife in April. Looks decent on the outside, interior leaves a little to be desired. Several times the check engine light came on, ended up being some air/fuel sensor that blew almost on a weekly basis. When it did, the gas mileage went from 30MPG to literally about 8MPG. That was a pain the butt with gas prices. Dodge took care of it, no questions asked. The only other problem we have noticed is the gas pedal is a little sensative. When you push it, there is either a delay or it guns it. With my wife being pregnant, that can be annoying when it jerks her.
I have had the car for about a month. Great radio/CD system but do not understand why there is no aux. imput. Car pull slightly to the left so I am having dealer look at alignment. AWD drive cars go out of alignment easily and chew up tires. Fuel economy is 22- 24 mpg in commuting,slightly better on highway, but no AWD car will match a two wheel drive car in mpg. The CVT seems to do better at mpg in city driving. Pick-up could be better. I would recommend that Dodge consider the Turbo-Diesel used in Europe ( 220 foot pounds of torque ) or a 30 hp upgrade to the 2.4 using a milder version of the SRT turbo. Have not driven in snow yet. 
Purchased 2007 R/T in Oct. Have put 3600 miles on it and so far it's been great. Looked at and drove a Chevy HHR,Pontiac Vibe, and the Caliber won out hands down. Must have got a good one, so far. Have had no problems and gas mileage has gone from 27.5 to 30.5 since new. I drive a 100 miles a day so fuel economy means a lot.Wish I could have gotten a 5 or 6 speed but was told manual was not offered in the R/T FWD. The CVT is a little goofy but once you get used to it, it;s ok.Space is excellent. We have a Newfoundland and the woman who taught doggie obedience class has a Caliber and highly recommened it.She was right. So far very pleased.Dog fits in fine. Comfortable drivers position. Love it!
I'm usually not a "small" car guy, but the Dodge Caliber gives me everything I was looking for. Fuel mileage is a plus, and I still feel like I'm in an SUV. I buy a new car every couple of years. This is the first new car I have purchased that I have not had any mechanical complaints with. Usually, when I buy a new car, there are noises or just something that stands out that concerns me about future reliability. This car just does what I want it to do...start every time and drive without little glitches.
Love my Dodge Caliber. Driving on the autobahn is a blast. When it get to about 110mph it can cruise at lease 110 to 120mph. Love it. Germans keep asking what kind of car is it. They dont know the dodge sign and the style is like a BMW Crossover SUV. So overall I am happy. 
I have had my R/T AWD for almost two years now. It has about 27,000 miles on it currently. I like it but it does have faults. Road noise is one big one, and blind spots. You have to be very careful when changing lanes with this car! Other than that, it looks great when it's clean (black shows everything)!
When I first bought my car I loved it. Every day I grow to love it even more. The versatility of this vehicle is awesome. I love the fact that there is so much plastic in the car, it allows me to clean up after the kids. This is the solution to the minivan, for young hip moms.
After many recommendations from the in-laws I purchased a Dodge Caliber. All-in-all I'm horribly disappointed. The best drive I've had was the test drive. Terrible fuel economy relative to other like-sized vehicles. Noisy on all but the smoothest paved roads. Concrete highways were a nightmare. I can't recommend the vehicle on any level.
I bought this van new for my family needs. I have 27,000 miles on it now and have had no problems so far. The only complaint I have is the transmission downshifting from 2nd gear to 1st gear. It has a very hard downshift that is very noticable. If feels like I'm doing damage by driving it with this condition. I started noticing it around 800 miles and thought maybe it was just breaking itself in. I took it to the dealer and they said that they could find nothing wrong with it. I personally think that they don't want to acknowledge the problem. Other than the transmission, I really like the van.
Now have just under 80,000 miles. Van has been excellent. Still have original tires and brakes. Only part replaced was a rear bearing hub. Highway mileage on straight run is 26 mpg, consistent 20 mpg in town. Van has been my first van ever and would easily buy another due to versatility. Have not had the transmission issues mentioned in other posts. I have zero complaints.
This is my second Dodge Caravan, and my family and I love it. I had my first one for almost 12 years and almost 200K miles with minimal problems. This one has most of the bells and whistles and I got it for $22K; a steal. I have the 3.8L engine and it really is more than I needed, but because of the package, I had no choice over the engine size. The 3.3 is more than enough unless you are pulling a load. Reading some of the other posts I guess that I was lucky since I have had no problems whatsoever with this van. It has a smooth and quiet ride, pretty quiet interior, and extremely comfortable. The stow and go seats just made it better. Overall, a great family van suited for long trips. 
I love this van! I have a 1997 version of this faithful van and found this one to be much better. Mine is the quitest car I have ever owned! It is as quite as my Mercedes so I know what I'm talking about. Great car for road trips.
Very upset. In 1 year must have been in service about 5 times. Air conditioning changed twice. Problem still continues. Radiator cap changed twice. Sill leaking, lost bracket that holds rack pinion boot, trans shift very hard at time, 
This is the noisiest car I have ever driven. Sounds like the transmission is already in trouble after only 4000 miles and earlier. The road noise is awful . Could be the tires. Will take it back to the dealer next week, but compared to my 2000 Voyager its just noisier and parts internally and externally seem flimsier. Hope they are not going back to their old poor workmanship compared to Japanese cars.
I am happy with my 2007 Dodge Caravan SXT 4dr Minivan (3.3 L 6cyl 4A). Also I got lifetime powertrain warranty that no one offers out in market. Also my friend had it for 3-4 years & has low maintenance cost. Compare to toyota & honada you pay more & get same by the way when you buy dodge help US economy not foreign county
Just the facts: Vehicle bought new; enjoy driving but transmission has been problem from start. Hard shifts up and down but not 100% of time. Happened so much now that I'm picking up squeaks from the fact that the front end is jarring so much. I had rented another new vehicle in '07 from a car rental co. Enjoyed it much which cause me to desire one. I put over 5000 miles on the rental. I bought the current one new; put over 4000 miles on a trip. It started having troubles with the transmission that was noticeable at probably 500 miles. Enjoy driving it but HATE this problem. First new Chrysler product purchased ever and last!
I love my new van. It rides so smooth. My kids love it, my husband loves it. It gets awesome gas mileage. I have no complaints. I am comfortable when I go on a long road trip because I know it is very reliable.
This is our first minivan. I love the roomy interior, the styling and the seating is comfortable. However, it is the noisiest car I have ever owned. Something, which I believe is the passenger sliding door, is rattling. But the dealer does not hear it. When you drive on a bumpy road it feels as if the car is going to fall apart. We have had it in to have the brake drums replaced due to noise and now it is making the same noise from the front. I still really like the van, but I hope the dealership can find the source of the noises and rattles and fix the brakes once and for all. It only has 6500 miles on it, we bought it brand new.
Had a Honda Odyssey and it was nothing but problems. Now I have a Chrysler and I feel a lot more comfortable when I drive somewhere knowing I will not break down
This is the 5th Chrysler/Dodge minivan that I have owned, and the worst of the bunch. Good design intention, failed execution. Radio does not get local stations, transmission had to be re-programmed, (that would fix tranny problems also in these reviews) driver's door re-aligned twice, overhead console loose, failed cup holder, weatherstripping falling out of driver & passenger window and hitting people in head, failed resistor in blower control. Must say dealer is absolutely great, but manufacturer built a lemon for me and will not own up to it. E-mailed Dodge web-site, called them, and still no satisfaction. It seems like they want to drive their customer to other makes. 
Driving and comfort not an issue, the caravan performs. It's the transmission thats driving me crazy. When slowing down the tranny is trying to downshift 2nd to 1st is a real pain. The clunking or grabbing is a real nuisance. What's worse is Wellington motors is denying that Chrysler had issues with this tranny and still is selling these vans. Chrysler Canada aside from trying to give me $50 gift certs.keeps telling me their engineers are looking into it. I have been told that the fix would be there early Aug.2007 that was moved out to the end of Sept to the new year and now I havent heard from anyone.
 I bought a 2007 Dodge Caravan on 07- 02-07. Transmisson was bad the day that I drove it off the lot. Have had it worked on twice by the dealership. Still have the same problem as day one. Chrysler can not fix the problem and like anything else you buy, if it don't work, it should be replaced. I get get mad each time I pull from my drive. Never fails that I get a hard shift. I did not buy the van to have this problem. I would like to know if Chrysler has plans to make repairs in the near future. Vehicle has learned my driving habits by now. 
We replaced a 1994 Voyager with this 2007 Caravan. The spirit is the same, with a tidy wheelbase and four bucket seats, but the new Caravan is smoother and quite a bit bigger inside. It is getting the same mileage--about 17 mpg in short trips around town and about 24 mpg on the highway--but is noticably better in acceleration despite having the same basic engine as the '94. My wife wanted the short wheelbase minivan for its maneuverability around town and is very happy with it. I find it a pleasant car when I drive it, particularly cruising down the highway. A piece of weatherstripping needed to be replaced on the front door, otherwise it has been perfect so far. 
I have owned over a dozen vans in my life, from every American manufacturer. This van has proven to be the most economical one. Reasonably priced to start, the gas millage is decent at 23 MPG combined city hwy, and Insurance cost are low. With 15k have had no issues except a less than smooth transmission downshift which the dealer says is normal. 
Minivans are the way to go for all my gear and traveling with or without family. The stow away feature is a must, but lowers the van too much for bad dirt roads. What you get for the money is far beyond what a car or SUV can deliver. If they would only come up with better gas mileage. I think that a continuously variable transmission would help a lot. Also a computer assisted economy mode, and maybe a smaller engine. 
My Grand Caravan is comfortable, has excellent crash ratings,with plenty of room inside, and has reasonable performance and economy(acceleration is only adequate). I liked the safety of side air bags, the rear backup alarm, pretension seat belts. 
We wanted the 2008 GC or TC, but excise tax in Puerto Rico is huge, over 30% on top of full MSRP, so when new 2007 SXT model became available at liquidation sale at under $20K, we jumped at it. Nice surprise was that SXT came with additional options cruise control, power driver's seat, power slide door and 6 CD player we didn't expect, so we paid $5K less than invoice and avoided taxes altogether, and dealer drove new car over 100 miles to us where we had a mechanic verify it was new. Hot PR weather requires AC on full time, so gas mileage is only three quarters expected. I'm only 6 ft. tall but still find pedals short and side door controls scrape my legs in front seats. Otherwise, OK
I really enjoy the Grand Caravan SXT, special edition. It seems to be roomy has a lot to offer and was a lot less money than the Honda, wish we could have waited for the 2008, but very pleased with this van.
Fun so far. Did not have a thing go wrong. Can not wait for the new van come out with a sunroof this time and more power
I had been looking for a Charger for my wife. I saw this SRT 8 at the dealer so I thought I would test it. It was my 1st test drive of the SRT 8. I had to hold my smiles back when I got back to the dealer office. I rated the fuel economy at 9 and that number is based on muscle car economy. I'm averaging about 20 mpg on the highway and that number would be hard to beat for such a powerful engine.
This is my first mopar product in 48 years and you cant get a better choice for the money, it rides great, it looks great and is easy to own, with lots of room for upgrades.
I recently totaled my 08' Mazda 6 so I have been car shopping for a while now. I can honestly say that having an infant daughter, This car is everything I wanted and more. It's Sporty but can also fit a family inside. It hauls major when I need to gas it in front of the guys but also comfortable as a cloud. If you're looking for a Safe Reliable sharp looking car. The Charger is the way to go.
I have owned this car for 2 years and still am excited to get behind the wheel! It demonstrates the comfort of a luxury sedan, with the speed and agility of a sports car! What more could one want?
After looking for a car months, I finally came home with the Charger SXT. That first night all I could do was look out the window at it gleaming. The car is heavy, and the drive is smooth. Acceleration with the 3.5L is more than enough to get "into trouble" with and conservative enough to return excellent fuel economy. The car looks beautiful and ferocious, and almost everyday someone stops me to tell me so. Older people think it is a Mustang for some reason... Bottom Line is this car is amazing. It's the perfect blend of all things. If your a dad looking for a car to take the family in, but also want morph into Kasey Kane when no one is looking... This is the car for you! 
I have owned musclecars of all types over the last 30 years from 455CID 442's to 440 powered MOPARS and this car beats them all. Yeah, yeah it's a 4 door but so what, it crushes any of the old cars in ride, handling and especially performance. Stock 1/4 mile times in the high 12's and 0-60 in the mid to high 4 second range prove what a beast this car is. The Plum Crazy color takes me back to 1970-71 when the Dodge Scat Pack prowled the streets. The modern 6.1L Hemi is underrated at 425hp, it's closer to 450hp! That is net horsepower, not gross like in the old days. Get one while you still can because these cars will be gone forever by 2012.
My co-worker described it better than I ever could have when I parked my new black charger in our lot. "It's so pretty it's hard to look at, but it looks like it might eat all the cars". nuff said?
For all who have the SRT8 or buy something similar, Performance & Styling must be the first thing on your mind. It can't be, or shouldn't be, gas mileage, comfort, or even reliability. Sports cars, or in this case, Muscle Cars, are a breed all to themselves. They can't be huddled with the rest of the pack. They are specialty built and because of that, stand alone. This Charger SRT8 is what Dodge set it out to be. Cool looking, fast, fun and exhilarating to drive?not to mention an attention getter. It hits the mark in those areas 100% The sound of the V8 is balanced and perfect. I can?t say enough good things about it. Buy this car if you?re in the market. 
I love the look and performance of my 2007 Dodge Charger SXT. However, transmission problems have come to light that make this vehicle very unsafe. While traveling on the highway and accelerating to pass, the transmission has locked up or something and the car loses power. I have had to coast to the side of the road, stop the car, and restart it to reboot the computer. 
Great car. Coming from a Mazda 626 ('01) and prior an '01 Focus, the interior is spacious. I have a couple of bigger home boys and they sit comfortably. After the dealership threw in some 20" black and chrome rims, it looks great with my gray and black tinted windows. Wish I could have afforded the V-8, but when gas was 4.75+ a gallon, I knew it was a good buy. Very quick off the start. My wife can easily fit all our kids in there which is nice when I have to use the Durango for the snow. I highly suggest it, whether it be the V-6 to the Daytona version, the Charger is the way to go. I have driven the Daytona and boy, that is a car to be driven
I bought the R/T with 33,000km, so far, did 2 oil changes at the dealer, the car is amazingly quiet and comfortable on the highway, Chrysler did a good job air-sealing this beast. Even on local roads when idling, you can barely hear that the engine is running. i get 8 L/100 km on the highway and about 15 L/100 km local, every time i fill it i get an average displayed around 13 L/100 km, now remember I drive agressively, so it's higher than regular. I did quite a bit of research before purchasing, and it's the best purchase i've ever made in my life!
I have been driving my SRT8 Charger everyday for over a year now and I am still in love with this car. I am retired and do not have to drive, but if I look at my car I want to take it for a ride. The gas prices stopped that desire for a while so I learned how to drive the speed limit. The car is still jumpy as ever and if not for the brake dust, and the fact that the Goodyear RSA's lasted a good year/18 months, I would have no complaints. 
Fun car to drive but is expensive to maintain after 40,000 miles. Fans go out and transmission has problems. Things that you should not have problems with at this mileage are failing. I had a 95 Chevy Impala SS that did not cost as much to maintain and I kept it until 125,000 miles. If looking to buy just remember it is a "DODGE". 
1 year ago when I first bought my 2007 Charger SE, used with 18k miles on it, I was driving 100 miles a day. Now its been 50k miles. I have loved driving it for every minute. My one complaint: I think I've started to hear a tiny squeak in the passenger compartment. It's the bare-bones model with the 2.7 L engine, so I get fantastic gas mileage. The only repairs have been the front wheels and suspension after a blow-out. 
I get roughly 19.5 City and 26 Highway with the MDS. The car is quiet, smooth riding and very comfortable ( 6'2 , 240 )while cruising and very agile, throaty when accelerating. Dependability has been excellent thus far with 30k. The steering, seating and pedal adjustments are great for the long haul road trips. I have a 1970 Charger R/T show car and I get many compliments on the 1970 when out and about yet I also get a lot of positive comments while driving the 07. 
I just purchased a 2007 Dodge Carger R/T. It rides and drives like a dream. I can set cruise at 75 mph and it feels like I'm floating. The handling could be better I've made the rear end dance around a sharp corner with esp on. I did a rolling start at 15 mph on an onramp by the end of the ramp I was at 105 mph. That 390 ft pound of torque pushes you back in the seat and shoots off the line like a slingshot. I love how quiet it is when you are driving normal, but when you nail it it's like music to my ears with the exhaust note. All in All I am very impressed with the Charger R/T. I would suggest to anyone who love quick cars to buy one.
I bought my 3.5 SE brand new from the dealership after an amazing test drive! It has the basic package but that was my choice. I'm 26 years old, 6'4" high and 300 lbs heavy, I reside in the UAE, where temps reach up to 122 (50 c) in the shade, and humidity up to 100% and my Charger has no trouble handling all that. Had it for a year now and no troubles what so ever... great value for money and the a/c unit is absolutely fantastic, it cools down the interior within minutes Very comfortable, visibility is great despite thick A and C pillars, cos the mirrors cover it all. I've driven lots of cars (Saab, Honda, Mitsubishi, Toyota, BMW) and none of them matches the performance of my 3.6 V6 Charger
I've read the other reviews and can't believe that no one has mentioned that it's hard to see the traffic light because of the low window. Overhead lights hard to see, have to duck down. You have to look at the traffic light to the left, in Chicago. The R/T drives like it just wants to keep going and never stop. It really takes off on the highway. City driving in Chicago is about 16/17 mpg. Haven't taken the care on a trip, but am sure the multiple displacement cylinders would do wonders for mileage. 
I bought a used (rental) SXT 3.5 and It is trouble. I find myself doing 80 mph in 65 mph zones. If complete attention is not paid to the car who knows how fast it'll go. Looking forward to the day I accidentally go over a 100. Steering is very sensitive, needs some getting used to. This is America! we need bigger cup holders
Bought the car 2 days ago from a used car lot with 12k miles. The 3.5 has lots of power and impressed co-workers. Only problem is that door swings back to closing position when opened. Otherwise, one of the best cars i've ever bought
I purchased my 2007 Silver Charger RT 5.7 Hemi in October 2007. It was a Dealer Demo with 5200 miles that already had some very nice modifications that included stainless steel dual exhaust, 20 inch wheels, and tinted windows! My personal modifications included a K&N Cold Air Intake and and an Amsoil synthetic oil system. This is the nicest car that I have ever owned. The handling, comfort, and acceleration are excellent! The leather heated seats are fantastic! I love the MDS system when cruising the interstate which is suppose to save fuel! My mileage is 18.5 city and about 25 on the interstate. Not bad for a 5.7 HEMI! My only recommendation for improvement would be for the blind spots. 
Just got my SRT-8, great muscle car that handles and rides so well. Great styling, the HEMI absolutely rocks. The distinctive rumble when you step on the gas, yet ride quality is not sacrificed. The best part is that you get a great muscle car that you can take the family in. My wife loves it as well. Nice features, UConnect, navigation and Sirius radio are wonderful options.
This is a really fun car to drive, the seats are ultra comfy, the gauges are neat looking at night, and the autostick is actually pretty quick shifting. Great car if you dont mind the awful fuel mileage. For the price, fully loaded, you cant get much better than this.
Our r/t has the road and track option which is the Daytona without graphics, 350 hp, seats heated and same as Daytona with embosed r/t in seat back, very comfortable and secure, sunroof, 20" wheels and tires, front and rear spoilers, trip and info computer, adjustable peddles, I'm 6,2" so this makes the car custom fit the wife 5,7" and me to a tee. Steering wheel moves up and down and in and out as well. Controls well placed. The wife is getting 20 mpg to and from work, at 70 on highway on Cruise about 24 mpg. Not bad for a bullet when wanted. It will tease a heavy foot. Mds is seamless. Low tire warning. Auto stick shift when wanted. All with life time warranty drive train. A+ mopar
I drove a Ford Ranger for 13 yrs. I still have it and it's still running btw. But since getting my charger, I don't care to drive the ranger. I know this sounds crazy, but I've never loved a car like I do the charger. It's so fun to drive. We were not really in the market for a vehicle when we got the charger. The wife's Taurus trans was acting up, she mentioned seeing a charger on a used lot. So we go take a look. There was this sweet black charger with 22" chrome wheels. We take it for a test drive and fell in love with it. As I was sitting there signing the papers I'm thinking, I cant believe I'm buying a charger. Btw, I replaced her vss and tps in the Taurus so I get the charger all the time now
I love the way the charger looks on the outside other than that.The stereo system isn't good, sounds like if you turn it up at all you're going to blow a speaker. When i open the door to get out it always swings back shut on me. My kids always complain about the seat belt sticking. The plastic interior trim looks cheap. I got the 3.5L and I'm not very impressed with the acceleration. Gas mileage is O.K. between 20 and 23 mpg. No cup holder in the back and the cup holders it has up front are small. Should have bought a Hybrid.
Tested out the rest of the competition and found out for what I was paying for it there was none! Love this car ever since I layed eyes on it, fun to drive and everyone wants to drive but too bad, get your own.
Ok, I have been a Ford guy most of my life, but when the Dodge Charger came out a few years ago I knew that was the car for me! I drove the doors off my 2001 Ford Focus, suffering quietly... while watching gas prices soar. Pretty much the same story as "DVLocker". I found a stellar looking SXT at a great price and so I freakin did it! I finally bought the Charger!! All I can say is Dear God, it is everything I hoped it would be and more. It's heavy, yet remarkably nimble, feels almost armored like a Hummer. I agree the cup holders are poorly placed but seriously, there isn't a person around that doesn't love my car... maybe a SRT8 owner somewhere. Buy one right now if you can.
I love this vehicle, brillant black and I added some aftermarket chrome and this car really came alive. Catches all the cutie eyes. Plenty of hp. Love to just go for a ride just to watch people faces as I Cruise by. Went in to dealership ship for service and people could not take there eyes off car and was told to enter in car show. It cost me a lot to bring it out, but it was well worth it. Cold air intake is well worth its' weight in gold. I can't say enough about this vehicle.
have owned 1969 charger {383ci} and a 1973 charger {400ci} 1964 plymouth sport fury {383ci} a 2006 charger 5.7. every one of these were great. i'm 63 yrs and just bought the 6.1SRT. i put a $500.00 deposit at the police station just in case. 
I have been a Ford man all my life. I always shopped for a practical economy car. This year Style and comfort won over. I was looking at the new economy cars when I took a test drive in a used 07 Charger for fun. I fell in love. The style and solid build won me over. As far as the gas, I found I have been uncomfortable all these years for nothing. I am getting 25 MPG which is not that far from the 28 I was getting in a small car. Now I am not just another follower in a Focus I am leading the pack.
This is the largest and most comfortable car I've ever had. It's the basic SE version but with the 3.5L engine/5AT upgrade. This is a really roomy car! Despite the chopped off styling its not at all cramped inside. The interior is pretty simple and plain looking but I like it a lot, especially the old school straight across dashboard. I chose this car over a similarly priced midsize sedan because I really enjoy the heavy and solid ride. You can also feel that it is well balanced and turns very easily. I'm getting 17mpg per tank in heavy city traffic commuting and 27 on highway trips at 70-80.
This is the most fun I have had driving a car since my very first car! The ride, handling and performance is top notch and I still have room for my family of three teenage kids! The ultimate muscle car performance with room for everything. I love the 60 - 90+ in a matter of seconds for passing! I have the RT with the Performace package which I highly recommend. Thank you Dodge for finally making a sedan with performance and styling! 
This car is fun to drive. I feel confident in heavy traffic. So smooth and quiet on acceleration that I find myself flying down the highway. It stops as fast as it accelerates and is very comfortable on long trips.
I bought this car before gas went to $3.50 per gallon, but I would not hesitate to buy it again. It is an awesome car, beautiful, comfortable, attracts attention everywhere it goes, and with acceleration that shames any pont car. It is rated at 14/20 mpg but I always beat that. I average 20 in overall driving. Strictly interstate it will average 24-25 mpg. It is the most fun to drive of any car I've owned including a Cobra, a G-35, 2 SHO's, and a Grand Prix GTP. I only wish it was available with a 6-speed manual transmission.
I've never had so much fun driving a car before. It is a car for the open road . All I can say is I bought it in feb 07 and I have 17000 miles on it. Love my Dodge.
Got Back from Iraq and the wife let me get a new car..Got me the Black RT. Just added a K&N Cold air...wow..31 Highway 19 city...looks great, room for the family, with the intake this monster growls. I have the B A speaker package and the stereo sounds great, still need the Kicker 10" for the trunk. Move over Mustang this monster is for real. Should have gotten the Nav system. After market upgrades are plentiful and cheap. This car has totally erased any possibilty of a mid life crisis. I get looks from everybody. Especially all the cute lite 2.7L and 3.5L/SXTs...gotta have the Hemi Best bargain out there. The price per enjoyment ratio is awesome....get one today!
The car is a blast to drive. I have never owned a car that receives more attention than this car. Every where I go someone is stopping me to ask about the car or compliment me on the looks of the car. From ages of 8 to 80 people are stopping me to comment on the car. Either to tell me about the Charger they owned years ago or how much they would like to buy the current model. The down side is at every red light someone is challenging me to run it. Dodge got it right with this car. It's fast as a bullet; stops on a dime; and corners like it's on rails. Some complain about the fact they made it a sedan, but from my perspective the car is the best of both worlds.
I absolutely love this car. It's everything you would want - drives like a muscle car and rides like a luxury car. I looked at it for a year and just couldn't shake the desire. So glad I bought it. I have a 15 year old son and a 3 year old daughter and both think it's so cool. My daughter has named it "The Big Red Car" after the Wiggles song (it's TorRed) and constantly tells people how fast it is. All my girlfriends refer to it as my "guy magnet." When out cruising, no doubt I will get several "Woo-hoos." Anyone considering this car should go for it. The only thing I don't like is the gas mileage because I drive city miles and it's getting 13 mpg. Great fuel economy on the highway though.
I have the SXT. I can't wipe the smile from my face when I'm driving. I'm getting used to people turning to watch the car go by. I have a hard time passing in traffic because of people riding beside my car to look it over. Gas mileage is averaging about 23mpg for a mix of city/highway driving and goes to about 27 on all highway. It exceeds what I got in my PT Cruiser.
This is a a classic muscle car in that it's loud and a bit heavy. Other than that, it's fun to drive! My kids love riding in this car - I can't be more than a mile from the house before I hear, "Hit it, Dad!". 
Traded up from a Mustang GT because I wanted the performance but needed the room. This 4000+ pound vehicle handles better and goes faster than the Mustang. I bought it for performance not mileage, so the gas pump doesn't scare me. This is the new generation muscle car that you will see in car shows for years to come.
This is really a fun car to drive. Ride and handling are great. A terrific highway vehicle. When you step down on the gas, it goes. Mileage is about 22 MPG on the highway, 19 around town. I stand 6' 5" and I have plenty of head and leg room, front and rear. Has a big trunk, and rear seats fold forward to accommodate long items.
Checked out lots of cars and SUVs prior to purchase. The Charger beat all of them hands down. The car looks great, drives like a sports car and rides like a Cadillac. One of the few that offered AWD in my price range and had an excellent rebate as well. I needed something to haul the kids around in that wasn't boring.
Now I've only had my RT for a short period of time, but I've been amazed at the quality of the handling and the ride. I moved up from a Saab 9-3 so it's nice to feel like I have enough room to stretch out. This car is big. Very big. Yet it drives like a sports car. The ride is soft, though not too cushy, and the handling is quite responsive. In fact, I was debating whether to buy a new Charger or a lightly-used Jaguar XJR. Yes, I actually preferred the ride and handling of the Charger over a car that costs nearly $90k new. The downside: the mileage. It actually does get pretty good highway mileage (20+ mpg), but I average about 12 mpg in Southern California commuter driving.
It is a great car and really fun to drive. Powerful and fast. Thank God for cruise control. I am really pleased and excited to drive my Charger. What a big change from driving the Camaro, no longer have to fall in or crawl out. Love it!
The Charger is a wonderful vehicle that loves to move. I have to say it's the first automatic I've driven that doesn't mind going past the red line. The only downer is that I had it back in the shop after 11 days for a malfunctioning rocker in the engine. The dealership fixed it and it's been better ever since. When I first got in it, I thought the interior was too plain, but the smooth and sporty ride is what sold me.
This car gets looks wherever you go. It's powerful and sounds and looks like it's got attitude. One of the funnest cars I have ever driven. Gas mileage is OK
I was wanting a charger in 2005. I finally got one this year. I love it. It's big and mean looking. A little slow on take off, but once it gets rolling I'm gone. I feel like I'm king of the road when I'm driving!
The Charger is a great looking muscle car like the Mustang, only is suitable for families. The Charger also has features the Mustang lacks at 30K such as heated seats, rear DVD, and a GPS. I purchased a Mango Daytona, and I love it. The only downside is the cheap doors, but I guess they have to do something to make money off of a 350hp car with a plethora of features.
This is the best car I have ever driven. I got the torred color with the road/track performance group and it looks awesome. The bright color and big chrome wheels really stand out. My wife said we will never lose the car in a parking lot. I get thumbs up all the time. I've had it over a month now and my gas mileage is about 20 mpg. Much better than I expected. The ride and comfort is great. 
If you want a four door sedan that excites you everytime you drive it then the Charger SRT8 should be your choice. Wonderful acceleration and great handling for a heavy sedan. The interior is very comfortable. The seats just coddle you. Controls are easy to reach and use and work well. Car does what it is supposed to do and looks great doing it. 
For the price, the size, power, and comfort can't be beat. I'm a tall person. I've driven German luxury cars in the past. This car matches the power and exceeds the leg room by far.
I just picked up my SRT-8 Charger from the dealer. I traded in an R/T Magnum. Wow, what a difference! Awesome power, terrific handling, much better seating, not to mention that throaty growl. I don't care if gasoline goes up to $4 per gallon! Other than a new cold-air intake, will probably keep this sweetheart stock. Dodge hits the bullseye!
Just got the sub lime R/T Daytona for my wife at Christmas and the only drawback is I have a hard time getting it from her. This car is trully awesome. The interior is way cool. The best part is our son's car seat. I love looking at the poor souls in minivans and boring cars and to see their facial expressions. I constantly get complements, and other guys with Beemers and Benzes wishing they had one. At almost less than half the price of their less styled cars. I highly recomend getting the lime green monster and if you missed out on getting 1 of the 1500 of these try your luck on the plum purple next. Way fast family car. 
Wow! I saw it, had to drive it, and was so impressed with it, that I bought it! What a car! I am a mom of 3 and traded in the minivan for this red beauty. I can't tell you how fun, smooth, comfortable, reliable, and roomy this car is. I have no regrets. The kids love it, and my husband is a bit jealous.
Plenty of room in back seat for passengers. Enough get up and go to merge or say fuggettaboutitt to that yellow light. Handling is responsive. I wish the rear had a sporty look like the front! Haven't had this much fun driving since my Trans Am. I love the electronic stability control. This I could feel when driving in "monsoon" season. I have to disagree with the previous review about not enough acceleration to beat other cars. I can put myself wherever need be. It isn't called high output for nothing!
Traded in 2004 Dodge SRT-4 for roomier and more comfortable car. I'm not pro- Dodge, it just happens to be the roomiest, least expensive RWD 4 door sedan on the market. After a high performance FWD car, I wanted something that wouldn't rip my arms off with torque steer. The R/T was what got me looking at the Charger in the first place but I ended up leasing the SXT model beacuse of overall cost. Being 6'6" I needed something I didn't have to curl into a ball to fit into. Only had it for a week but am very pleased with the Charger so far. 
Wanted one for a while now and finally bought it about a month ago. Already put 2,500 miles in it! So far the back seat cushion needed to be replaced because a seam came undone, the driver's power window will need to be repaired because it is extremely noisy when being rolled up and makes noise when driving and the headliner makes a terrible rattle when driving over bumps or rough pavement. It is because of these small teething problems that I have mixed thoughts on my purchase. I love driving the car and especially love the styling but this is becoming extreme. I read in a forum that the headliner noise is "common" on cars equiped with a sunroof so keep this in mind when choosing your car!
Love this car. It was an anniversary gift given to me by my husband. I can honestly say that this car isn't just for a man, girls like to go fast too. Very spacious interior, great performance and extremely fun to drive. The interior lacks some frills but you don't need 'em when you have a Hemi under the hood.
This is an awesome car. It has room for five adults yet performs like a two seater. I laugh at those that those that talk about fuel economy. You do not buy a car like this and complain about fuel economy. It is what it is, a gas guzzler. If I wanted to be economical I would by an econo box!
What an amazingly fun car to drive. Incredible power, handling, and looks. The SRT-8 will go like the wind, stop on a dime, and give you 9 cents change.
This is the best car I have owned, and I have owned a lot. It's great when you step on the gas pedal, and you feel the HEMI power. I have gotten a lot of compliments in the 1 month I have owned the car.
If you are looking for a 70's muscle car (albeit four doors) with modern features this is it. I love the car's looks and the 420 ft/lbs of torque at the rear wheels. This car can double as a muscle car or family car as long as gas mileage is not an overall concern. A very safe feeling car with crash test results to back it up. You either want a car like this with these attributes or you don't.
The car is smooth, handles well, quiet and comfortable. The tires are lousy and will slip with too much throttle. It is much better car than the competition because of the RWD 53/46 weight distribution. 
I had Chrysler products in the past and thought I would never buy one again. I was wrong! The Charger has power, lots of room and 4 doors. I know a Charger with 4 doors? I have 2 kids in car seats and there is plenty of room for them in the back seat. The traction control is the best I ever used. Being in Wisconsin I thought the rear wheel drive was a bad thing. The charger traction control is better than the FWD with traction control Honda Oddysey my wife drives. She prefers driving the Charger when she can. I love this car and I get alot on compliments with it.
Coming from a 2004 V8 Nissan Titan, I have to say that I'm impressed with the 3.5 V6 engine, and I can only imagine how the Hemi would feel. The gas saving is big, again coming from a full size truck, but is OK comparing to a regular sporty sedan. Lots of room inside, and very comfortable. The design could have been better, it looks "long", but it's still nice looking! Maybe a 2 door like it should be? The rims on the lower packages need redesigning, I don't know why they still offer steel wheels with hubcaps. The wheels don't get better until you reach the R/T package, just not fear. 
This car is the most fun I have had behind the wheel since my first Corvette ( a 1973) and a Shelby Mustang in the 60's (1966 GT350H). The ride is silky smooth, the autostick is very close to a stick shift, and of course the Hemi is totally awesome. We both love this car and highly recommend it to moms and dads who need a sedan for their family, but who still "love to drive" a cool car!
I traded my 2000 BMW 528i for this Dodge. I was hesitant that I would not enjoy my Charger as much. Wrong! Excellent car. Good gas mileage and sporty styling. I am always getting compliments. And the ride is better then the Bimmer. I wish Dodge would go the extra mile and give the minor touches that would put the car over the edge.ie.. lighted vanity mirrors, light in glove compartment, auto adjusting rear view mirror and more cup holders. Also move the cruise control to the steering wheel. Overall very pleased. American muscle with European refinement. 
Engine sounds great. The steering is responsive, the brakes are good. The handling is fine if you don't ask it to dance. Body motions are fairly well controlled. It's rear-wheel drive (no torque steer!) The body structure is solid. The fit is satisfying, the room is plentiful, the trunk size is fine for a car this big. The base radio sounds surprisingly nice and the car has presence. The bad: Mail slot windows are claustrophobic. Thick front and rear pillars block things you should be able to see. The engine is weak, and the car is heavy (3780lbs!). The steering is too light and does not give good feedback. The car is slow to get off the line, can't turn off traction control.
Fun car to drive with lots of power and comforts. Replacing a 2005 Pontiac Bonneville and the Charger is lots more fun to drive. It has more room, is more comfortable, has more power, but less fuel economy.
The car has great pickup. 0-60 very fast. Comfort good. I like the autostick feature. The fuel mileage is OK, approx. 18-21 average. The braking is excellent, noise factor minimum. It has a great look, the front is slightly throw-back in style. I`ve gotten a lot of nice car comments from everyboby. The only issue I don`t like is the noisy auto steering, only when pulling out or in or parking. Overall good value, styling, and performance.
The power is unbeliveable, and it handles great. Lots of leg room. The seats are very comfortable. Trunk storage is real nice
First and foremost, I admit that the Durango is not easy on gas. Other than the gas problem, I really like this vehicle. As a mom of two young boys, I love having a sexy mommy wagon. I have a 2007, with leather interior, mp3 multi disc player. It's a lovely maroon color with silver details. It has a roomy third row seat and plenty of storage. It handles great and has a very powerful v8 engine. It's fun to drive and it's very stylish. The only other problem area is that sometimes the gas cap doesn't make a good seal which makes the service engine light come on temporarily. Hopefully, I can stop by my dealership and have that problem taken care of. 
Let me start off with the obvious: Fuel Economy. I gave it a 9. Not because it is superb in fuel consumption compared to the average car on the road, but because it handedly beats everything in it's class. The MDS which turns off 4 of the 8 cyclingder while cruising along really does save alot of $$. The 5.7L V8 is powerful 345 hp and efficient 24 MPG highway 14 City and 18 mixed driving. That's darn good for this sort of vehicle in my opinion. It seats 7 comfortably and the long wheelbase is very comfortable at highway and around town speeds. Service costs are avg.
We have had this Durango for a few months and absolutely love it. We needed to tow about 6500lbs to it was a great choice.
I ordered my Durango from the dealer. I got the Adventurer with the 5.7 and the tow package and 3.73 rear. I get 17.5 on the highway. I love the power, drop the hammer, and it'll smoke any truck. The split third row is great, and heated leather seats are a must. My only complaint is the rack and pinoin steering, with the AWD, when it hits a bump, the wheel tends to jerk to the right. The windshield is also too far forward, making the passenger side A-pillar a major blind spot when driving around a sharp left turn. I also ordered the 4WD transfer case. Havent had much snow in south Jersey yet, but it handles great in mud and the snow we've had. 
We have had the other body style durango, & several Dodge trucks & enjoy this one. We bought the Durango about a month ago and I have put 3000 miles on it already and have not made my first payment. Fun to drive, good road view, nice sounding V8. We come from mustangs, trucks and a Dodge Mini Van. The Durango has as much room as a van but needs more oomph out of the hole and it got that in 08. We saved a ton of cash on this buying it with 20k miles on it. Also has synthetics in rear & front diffs. from factory. I will run full synthetic in the motor soon as well. I drive a lot and wanted something safe for my family and myself. Our kids love it over our mini van since they can see out better.
Let me begin with the interior; it was suppose to have stain resistant fabric interior, it doesn't. The fabric has marks where my child got in with a damp swimsuit on, can get it off. the door handles do not match each other, the seat belt harnesses have fallen apart, the plastic on thee drivers side seat is breaking. The truck is a fuel hog! and the gas cap doesn't make a good seal which makes the service engine light come on when you refuel or get low on fuel. both of which happen often. There is always a lag in the transmission when driving & driving up a steep driveway is nearly impossible. Worst vehicle I have ever owned. Would not recommend to anyone
We have had our SUV for about 5 weeks now & we really love it. It's crazy that many others complain about MPG. What were they expecting from an SUV this large? We have the 4.7 & get 16/20 which is not bad at all. Our SUV seats 8, which is great as we are always hauling lots of kids & family around. You can get a fantastic deal on an slightly used Durango right now with everyone overreacting to high fuel prices. It's only a few MPG less than an Acadia or Pilot etc and much lower in price. If you are looking for a good sized SUV this is certainly worth a look. There is lots of room inside and road visibility is great. The second row seats fold easily so access to the 3rd row is good. 
We just had our first child & needed something with more room than my mustang. Even though there were many choices out there (and we test drove them all) the durango slt had the power (v8), room (3rd row seating), cargo space (when the 3rd row is down), looks (husky - in a good way)& comfort we were looking for. Long trips I used to take with my wife (b-4 the baby came) in the convertible mustang seemed really long. Now that we have the durango, I hate to say it - I like taking long drives (375+ miles). Don't get me wrong, I'm keeping the mustang - but if it's a family trip I want the durango. From Las Vegas to San Francisco to lake havasu we found a great car. Family chauffeur by choice.
I have had this truck for a few months now, and have little complaints. The common complaint here is fuel consumption. It is a truck with a V8, what did you expect? Some people just need the power and room, and that will cost you in fuel costs. If you are looking for 30 MPG, get a VW. Space is great and there are a load of great features. The all time 4WD drive is great for my wife. All the safety, and I don't have to worry about her screwing up the transfer case by shifting wrong. My suggestion is to buy it used. The depreciation for a new Durango is ridiculous, like $10,000 the first year. You can get a $40,000 truck for half the price if you go one year old. 
I have loved my Durango with it 5.7 Hemi. Yeah mpg is not great but what do you expect? 15-16 to and from work and 19-20 on the Hi-way. I towed a 29' 7000 lb trailer out west with ease. (I got the optional 3.92 axle). I have used it to haul everything from 6 kids to lumber to bags of mulch. I didn't get the fancy interior because this SUV gets put to use. 57,000 miles and no problems. (brakes @ 41,000) I would definitely look at another one when it is time.
We noticed that when the rear windows are open at speeds over 35 mph, the vehicle steering column, doors vibrate & shake. Called the dealership & was told it's a design flaw, can't fix, and that at highways speed the passenger compartment fills with turbulent air causing a "parachute" like response which lifts the rear of the vehicle making it unstable to drive at highway speeds. The only fix available is to keep the windows closed. Are you kidding me? At the price we paid I should be able to open any window I like and still have a safe vehicle to drive. Piece of junk. Also, pop's out of reverse every 10th drive or so. Nice.
Don't ever buy one. I have 14,500 miles on it and the four wheel drive binds up when turning. Not sharp at any time. Transmission slips a lot. Sways on freeway. leather seats hard 
I love my Durango... It has all the bells and whistles you could ask for. It's stylish and classy, but still pulls a horse trailer as well as a pickup. I haul golf clubs and horse food in the back... And it does have plenty of room back there! I had the smaller Durango which I also loved. But this one is much more versatile! I do wish the gas mileage was better. But I'm not willing to give up the power and comfort to go to something smaller! 
Drove 4000 miles to Florida and back to home. Comfort and drivability was great. GPS system was excellent. Carried luggage with room to spare for 2 month stay which included golf clubs and coolers. Service at Scotia Motors has been excellent. This is 3rd new dodge vehicle that we have purchased from this dealership. 
Jury is still out on our 07' Durango purchase. Wife has complained about poor gas mileage, lack of power, windshield cracking for no apparent reason and steering column falling apart. We still have the wifes old '98 Durango that has 220,000 miles on it. It has the 5.9 liter engine where the 07' has the 4.7 liter. That could be the reason for power complaint. The 98' has had minimal repairs done to it (ball joints and some suspension repairs. However we do live in the mountains of Colorado on some rough roads.) So hopefully this 07' does as well as the 98'
As the title says, I wanted to like the Durango. It truly saddens me to see what has happened to the American auto manufactures and I will always buy from the big three, but this Durango was the bottom of the barrel. First let me say that I have owned several fullsize SUV's and trucks: 2000 Ford Expedition, '02 Chevy Tahoe, '04 Chevy Avalanche, '05 Dodge Ram 1500, and now this '07 Durango. This truck drives and rides like a horse drawn wagon. It is hands down the worst handling vehicle I have EVER driven. I think I would rather drive a Mack truck on a daily basis. Then gas mileage...oh man, each of my previous trucks got significantly better mileage. Overall, a huge disappointment
Had the first version in 1998 and kept it for 7 years. The Limited with the Hemi is a great combo. This Durango is loaded except the navigation system and has seating for 8. Use every seat on trips out of state for ice skating competitions. Gas mileage is OK, 20 mpg highway, wish it was a little better. Can travel great distance with a 27 gallon tank. DVD system is great for the kids, helps the miles fly by. Can't imagine owning another SUV especially with the lifetime powertrain warranty. Great vehicle, would recommend it to anyone looking for an SUV with seating for up to 8, great power, decent mpg, and fun to drive.
We bought the Durango especially for its build inside & out. Had no idea it also came with the Flex Fuel. What a great addition for us. I love the power & it has excelent turning radius. I do think the storage however, is very small in the console & the glove box for such a big SUV.
We just got this big guy and so far really like it. We went from an escape up to this. The interior is great. Comfortable, roomy, user friendly. I love the look of the exterior. We don't have the Hemi, but have great get up and go. The gas mileage could be better, but what can you expect with such a big truck. Smooth ride, very quiet, fits all of us, from short to tall! Hopefully we don't have the same issues the others are having. I never owned anything other than a Ford, great deal for the money!
We bought our Dodge Durango on 8/4/07. We've had problems with it slipping out of reverse. A piece of interior trim between the windshield and the driver's door has come loose and is hanging. A piece was also missing out of the interior tail gate door. We've made one payment and it's already been in the shop more than all our other vehicles combined. Seriously thinking of trading it in or starting the "lemon" process.
I have the 5.7 Hemi I choose it for the only engine with MDS. I am getting good MPG for such a large truck and engine but I drive 90% highway. That's wht it's perfect for me. Just hit the cruise control and sit back and enjoy the great ride and sound system. Carries 6x6ft+ in complete comfort and ample leg room, can squeeze in 2 more little people with no problem. Great performance, surprisingly quick. 
Did a lot of research before purchase. Durango was more bang for the buck than Tahoe, Armada, Toyota. Hemi is great, good mileage for a large SUV plus plenty of power. Towed trailer to Wyoming no problem. Beware, FlexFuel is a crock. In the owners manual it states up to 30% reduction in MPG with FlexFuel! Also, do not mix Flexfuel with gas unless all most empty. FlexFuel is media hype. Nice ride, a little tight on rear seat leg room. Dash latout nice and easy to read. 6 Disc CD/Radio takes some getting use to, not eacy to understand without manual.
Bought this vehicle to tow a big trailer. Had an '02 Sequoia, and it was great, but gutless. Got the Hemi engine option on the new Durango, and it has the grunt to do the job. The multi displacement engine control system does a fine job for squeezing the gas consumption. I actually get the posted gas mileage, or a little better. The seating capacity is great for carrying the whole family, in comfort. Love the looks, and it's fun to drive. Yep, she's a winner, a best buy for the money.
I love this SUV. Had a 2004 Denali and for the price its as good or better. Same features and at $15000 lower price. Can't be telling this but Hemi is the kicker.
I bought my Duango to do one thing to tow, and boy can it tow. I have a 25 foot boat, and a toy trailer. It pulls them all. After having this baby I don't see a reason why you would buy a Chevy or a Toyota. They got nothing on this.
I love the look and feel of the Durango. Unfortunately, like its predecessor models, the new Durango is laden with all sorts of electrical issues. It contains a slew of "modules". Once these start to fail, you have a lemon on your hands. And once it's out of warranty, forget getting help from the dealership. They don't want to honor their own warranty and the parent company turns a deaf ear to customers, claiming they cannot control dealers. 
This is the best vehicle for your money. Reliable, fun, and exciting. Great for trips and I get about 20 miles to the gallon in my Hemi limited. Awesome to sum it up. Has all the options I will ever need.
We bought the van used with 24k miles on it, now have 41k on it. My wife loves the van and we both love the stow and go seating. The versatility of a pick-up in a van. Just finished 1,200 mile trip with no problems. MPG: 16 city, 24 highway. The van has been in the shop a few times for warranty issues. The torque converter has been replaced, the transmission was flashed with new software, brakes and tires @30k, clunking front suspension, both power doors failing to open. The van should be more reliable, but what can one expect from an American car. 
We love our van because it's easy to use with kids. That's where it ends. It's been in the shop twice for a leaking transmission - the rubber the window on the drivers side falls of if you shut the door too hard. The remote start doesn't work, the transmission clunks when downshifting, the tires are terrible, there isn't enough power and the wing mirrors are fading. We have a total of 14,000 miles now - Not impressed.
We have had 3 Dodge Grand Caravans will never have another. We dealt with Chrysler on problems and they never repaired or fixed them. We traded and still had a problem. The last Caravan we had, the transmission went out at 49000 miles and then we had two more transmissions put in still had problems. We are done with Dodge, Chrysler, etc. 
Bought van used from local dealer. Great roominess with seats stored. Handles good even on winter roads which surprised me considering it doesn't have traction control. Like exterior styling but could use a little chrome. Front brake pads squeal even after being replaced. Mileage is good for a van. Comfortable even on longer trips. Would recommend it.
We have had problems since 500 miles. There is a terrible problem with the trans and engine! We bought because of the price and 7 seats. No way can you fit 3 car seats in the back row. We are done with the lemon law now. Thank goodness! It was in the shop every month for at least 2 days. Most times 5 to 7 days while they put new parts on. They pushed us around and kept telling us nothing was wrong, but there was. Broke down completely 3 times and had to be towed! Please don't put your family in danger with this car. My friend bought an 08 and just finished her lemon law as well. Too bad this couldn't have been better was nice to be able to take all the kids in one car.
We bought our 2007 Grand Caravan SXT used without 23,000 miles on it. We had been shopping for a minivan for a few months. We wanted a Honda/Toyota, but for the price of a 4 year old Honda/Toyota we were able to few months old Grand Caravan. We are very happy with the van. Tons of cargo space, the kids fit in perfectly and the wife likes driving it. The build quality is lacking, but you can't not expect all that much from an American car company anyway. Some interior parts feel very cheap. The transmission thunks and jumps at low speeds. Gas mileage is 16 city (very hilly) and 27 highway. Not too bad for a truck.
Have owned this van for about 16 months and put about 18000 miles on it. Needed service once for a rusted brake line for ABS (ABS light came on and stayed on). Has been dependable and very versatile. The convenience and ease of stow and go seating is great, as is the power lift gate. The remote start is a must for me in the winter. Gas mileage is just OK, not horrible at 20-21 mpg mixed city and highway driving after employing gas saving driving tips (set your cruise control at 60 mph on the highway (city speed limit) and watch other cars pass you like you are standing still!), got 18mpg consistently before that. Transmission "thunks" downshifting, jerking the van, not at all smooth. 
This is my 3rd. Chryco Minivan. Utility and Value punctuate my ownership experiences. For $12,300 I purchased a year old Dodge Grand Caravan SE with stow and go seating with only 10,747 miles. The vehicle is Chrysler Certified so the power train is warranted for 8 yr/80K miles and I have a bumper to bumper warranty for 39 months/39K miles. "Certified" also includes roadside assistance till 8 yr/80K. AND the dealer threw in free lifetime oil changes. WOW! With a little luck the transmission will make it 100K miles and she wont rust out till it's 9th year in service. Maybe even the AC/Heater core will make it 5+ years. If I can get 30K between brake jobs I'll be happy! 
Please don't buy this minivan I bought mine used a few weeks ago and already the transmission is gone. It has poor gas mil. It shakes and rattles at a slow speed. I must admit the price is what lured me in. 
 Love my van, mpg could be better love stow and go, hard to use unless you have the seats all the way forward, vibrating at around 30 to 35 bothers me, never can seem to get it fixed, will keep after them. I didn't like how the muffler side pipe shows so I put on custom running boards to hide them, looks great. I am impressed with the power accels great. Should have a built in antenna. Not good in a car wash, had to replace my antenna already, only had it two months. 
The wife and I hit the dealership the last day of the "national mini-van" sale and got an amazing deal. We bought the SXT "special edition" grand caravan for 23 thousand (a 32 thousand dollar vehicle). It has all the bells and whistles they offer. The wife was happy as she drives it to work. We owned a 2002 Grand Caravan that we traded in for this one. I have to say the 2002 was more quiet and had more headroom than this 2007. I believe it's because of the stow 'n go seating storage bins being so close to the road it picks up a lot of noise (?). The wife likes it so I'm happy, no issues with it thus far.
Have had the Van for almost a year now. Can't beat the storage (sto n go). It is Awesome. I think it looks better than the new style. Yeah it's a minivan but if you put your ego aside then it is the most versatile vehicle out there. My 3 kids love it.
The comfort of the vehicle leaves alot to be desired. The automatic doors sometimes dont work as they should. With a 3.8 L engine the drive could handle a little bit better. The fuel eff. is good and I like the "Stow-n- Go" seating.
We purchased the Grand Caravan SXT used (Program Vehicle) in late December 2007. We needed a 7 passenger vehicle to accommodate our children and grandchildren and this one fit the bill. It gets slightly better gas mileage than the 2002 Ford Windstar it replace (averaging 18.3 to 22.3 mpg). The Caravan has less interior room (Body width appears narrower) than the Windstar. The back bench seat will not fit 3 passengers if you put a child or infant's car seat in the designated middle position.
I bought this van for space for family. Though I'm happy with the space, I was highly disappointed with several features (or lack of features). Stutters and jumps when traveling slow speeds (like in a parking lot). The climate control is horrible. No way to switch between heat and air-you just have to adjust the temp up and down one degree at a time in three different places. No way to turn on just the fan, cool temp means air conditioning. I paid over $500 for remote start but wasn't told the stinkin' thing shuts off in 10 minutes--what's the point of that? Console did not close or lock--9 weeks later still not fixed. Mileage only 15- 16 mpg whether in town or on highway. Don't like anything else except the space. Will never buy a Dodge van again.
We already have a 14 month old child and now my wife is expecting twins, so we needed a vehicle that could fit our growing family comfortably. Our biggest problem was finding a vehicle that could fit three car seats along with everything else a growing family demands. The grand caravan won by default with the great combination of price, comfort and 0% financing. We chose the leather seats and purchased a dual dvd player from Walmart.
This large step in purchasing a "Man- Van" was the result of our third child coming into this world. It replaced a 2003 Ford Taurus. I like the sporty exterior look, if you can say that about a mini-van. The interior is OK, but we did not opt for the leather seats so its what we paid for. We did get the "Stow-n-Go" seats which are great! My wife drives this primarily as I drive a Hemi Durango. For long trips I prefer the Durango for a couple reasons: It can get out of its own way on the highway, and gets better gas mileage with the MDS. 
The battery went dead at 3900 miles and again at 5,922 miles. My first few tanks of gas I only got a little over 10 MPG. Now I only get a little over 13 MPG. Very disappointed with this vehicle. I will never buy another Daimler Chrysler product. 
We purchased our 2007 Grand Caravan SXT about a week ago and have been looking for an excuse to drive it ever since. This was our first minivan.I never thought I would be the minivan type but I have to admit I love it. My wife is expecting twins and we needed the extra space. I know the vans from Honda and Toyota get better reviews in many circles, but for the price you can't beat the Grand Caravan. The exterior design is really sharp. We have power side doors and tailgate. What a convenience!. You can open and close all 3 with a touch of a button. The inside is even better. There is a ton of room with all kinds of storage. It handles very well with good pickup. The visability of the road is great!
We traded in our SUV for this Dodge Caravan, and was impressed by the room in this vehicle. The "Stow and Go" feature is incredible, this vehicle can go to family van to cargo van in the blink of an eye. There is some road noise with this vehicle, that bothers my wife, but not me. The stock stereo is pretty good for what we use it for. The radio controls are on the steering wheel, and the seats are comfortable. We are happy that we chose the Grand Caravan SXT, as our family is growing, and we love to take road trips. 
We traded in our GMC Envoy for a Grand Caravan, and we were surprised! The room in this van is ridiculous! All of the seats recline, and the stow and go feature provides mega room for diaper bags and groceries! I think that this is the best van for the money! We looked at the Honda Odyssey, and the Grand Caravan was the better vehicle! I think that SUV drivers with kids will be happy when they try this van!
I was very surprised by the overall quality of the van, from the ride quality, to the features, to the fit and finish. A quick look at 'expert' reviews shows Toyota and Honda all by themselves. But for my family, we appreciated the value of the Dodge without paying near luxury-car prices. Seems more spacious than the Kia we drove, and while I'd like a little more HP, the price makes it worthwhile. Incredibly well designed interior.
This is an exceptional car. We bought the van to replace a Durango. The van has significantly more room inside, and is easier to get in and out of, especially to the 3rd row. The DVD system is great! For people with young kids this is well worth the price.The stow and go is very nice. I was very surprised how big the storage area is. So far I am a little disapointed in the fuel economy, but it will probably get better after it is broken in. The van is very comfortable to drive, and all of the controls are laid out very logical. My only regret so far is not buying it sooner!
This vehicle has been impressive so far. I received the minivan as a company car. My hopes weren't high due to the bad press about Chrysler models. Generally, I'm a Honda fan but this vehicle is as well made as our Pilot. The ride quality is superb, the stow and go seating is class leading (love the extra storage room when middle seats are up), and the driver's captain's chair has proven comfortably ideal for both high mileage and in and around town trips. Honda and especially Toyota are high priced and unwilling to negotiate while Chrysler offers great deals. It's no wonder the Caravan is the best selling minivan in the US. 
My Dodge number 4. This is the best so far. Smooth power, almost all curves where I drive no problems steering is tops. Mileage is a little low at 22 but only 670 miles so far. Should give 24. All other Dodge vans did. Build quality has improved greatly. Can't say enough about stow and go. Can carry full 4x8 sheet plywood inside with hatch closed. Most pickups need tailgate down. Can also haul 10/12 bales of hay. Cruise on interstate is pure joy. 3.8 engine, auto transmission
We looked at this after testing out all sorts of other vehicles. It's a lot more fun to drive than the Sienna, though it's slightly slower in acceleration, because it handles turns much better and feels more connected and in control. We were going to get a crossover but this had better mileage and a lot more space and better features - and better, more nimble cornering than most.
It may be a bit early to tell, but I just bought the 2007 Grand Caravan SXT and so far I really like it. You can feel how well she handles and the engine runs smooth and quiet. The stow and go feature has already paid off and my kids think the brilliant black pearl color I chose is "hot". So far the gas mileage is proving to be a thousand times better than my old 1996 Chrysler Town and Country. That van ate through gas like termites on a toothpick. I hope this van keeps up the performance because so far it's been a good buy.
The Grand Caravan is extremely versatile. It can carry the family around town or on long trips in comfort. The stow away seats are great and allow for lots of cargo. Love the DVD system also.
Sounds like the other reviewer got a lemon. I don't think Chrysler would be the # 1 Minivan if it was like the one he seemed to have gotten. I love these things and you cant beat the value.
For a long time I had a whistling noise at high speeds. It took me a long time to find out what it was. But I did find it. Other than that I really enjoy the vehicle. Moreso than any other vehicle I owned. 
If you are looking for a slightly used cross over, I highly recommend the Dodge Magnum instead. First Dodge I've owned, and I love it! Fantastic alternative to those boring CUVs. I drove Jeeps for 12 years (last 3 was a Commander), and wanted something better on gas, but more fun on the road. The Magnum has a deeper cargo area than our Nissan Murano ('07 SL), costs less, and is 100% more fun to drive. My wife discovered this, too and now I have to hide the keys to the Magnum. My daughter is 3, but already demands "HEMI". RT package is excellent, the torque from the HEMI is intense, but refined and smooth at normal speeds. Visibility is perfect with an aftermarket rear view mirror.
I've already put 50000 miles on this awesome machine, and it still drives like it's brand new. My dogs like the cargo space, my family loves the ample leather space inside. I feel like this car is just going to go on forever, like an old pickup truck would. I think the hemi, and the heavy duty transmission are unstoppable. 
I worked @ the dealership for 14mos. and drove all models available from SE to SRT. The 2.7L V6 in the SE just isn't powerful enough for a 4000 lb car, especially in steep climbs, and it dosen't have ESP like the SXT and higher models. I purchased my SXT, because the 3.5 L V6 has a very good track record of reliability and I could not afford the RT at the time. If you can afford the RT, GET IT instead of the SXT! If you can't, the SXT has most of the base features the RT has, including the 5 speed autostick trans. Use a high grade motor oil, I use CASTROL GTX or SYNTEC and have noticed an increased gas mileage of almost 5 mi./ gal. Some recalls exist, get them executed ASAP! Nice car!
Station Wagon on steroid, fun to drive with enough power on Hwy and city. Very good AWD. But.... I had to bring the vehicle twice to Dodge for engine failure. First time one of my valve broke, second time, the engine stall, the warning light stays on and ... still waiting for teh results. Not a reliable car 
I was a 4wd driver for over 20yrs and decided because I live closer to work now and mileage is more of a concern I traded my 2005 silverado with all the toys and whistles in on my magnum. It handles like a dream. I have already gotten my very first speeding ticket (at age 51) as it goes quick a little too easy. I am not used to a lower profile and taking curves in the road is fun but it is great and the mileage is great too. The interior is a little lacking on mine but I don't spend that much time in it so it isn't a big deal. The stereo is better than I thought and it seems to be reliable so far. Over all I like my "car". 
I've owned a lot of cars from muscle cars to high-end european and this car is the absolute best buy ever. The performance, handling, looks and capacity are all incredible for the price (paid $25K with 8000 miles on it). I have spent many hours driving over mountain passes and interstates in horrible winter weather and this baby is rock solid. Maybe it's the Mercedes all wheel drive.
Best car I have ever owned. The looks, the interior space and enough whip for V8 models and up! Good gas mileage for 340hp ( getting 19-20) Could have gotten better quality interior but very quiet and comfortable inside. Drove to NC and handled awesome around mountain roads. I test drove v6 and there is a big drop off ! Go Hemi, the best route to go.
I own a 1969 Superbee, 1971 Cuda, & a 1981 Corvette and I have as much fun and more comfort in the Magnum as I do in all of the other cars I own. If you are looking for a car, I would highly recommend the Magnum. Dodge has discontinued this car which I think is very foolish.
The car is very clean cut and has an aggressive look which I like. The horsepower sucks and wish I got the hemi model for that reason. Space and comfort is great though. Gas mileage stinks and I don't have a heavy foot.
I bought a used 07 after renting an 08. Mine is 3.5L RWD, Inferno Red Pearl. BEE...UTIFUL!!! All leather and great stock stereo. Lots of space for my 3 tall teens. Awesome styling, very different from anything out there. A modern muscle car regardless of engine size. Joined a Magnum owners club last night and can't wait to cruise with all you Muscle Mag owners out there! 
This car turns heads for a second look by all ages. Fun car to drive, I would have bought the 425 horse model if it weren't for price of gas.
This Magnum R/T has Performance package. Bought it used,had 15,000 km built in July '07. Fun to drive. So far no issues. Get between 25-27 MPG when cruising with MDS engaged.
Very attractive body style! My RT has 18s, nothing special, but I do plan on getting better performance tires and wheels after my first year with the car (8.08). Agree with some of the past comments about interior design, could've done better, especially that cruise control stick on the left. Had to add Navigational/6-CD, and BlueTooth for convenience; could use audio controls on the steering wheel (another option = $$). Blind spots can be trick at times, but when driving defensively, not that big of a problem! But still a problem. Brakes now beginning to squeak at 10K, need to have them checked out at next service.
Very attractive body style! My RT has 18s, nothing special, but I do plan on getting better performance tires and wheels after my first year with the car (8.08). Agree with some of the past comments about interior design, could've done better, especially that cruise control stick on the left. Had to add Navigational/6-CD, and BlueTooth for convenience; could use audio controls on the steering wheel (another option = $$). Blind spots can be trick at times, but when driving defensively, not that big of a problem! But still a problem. Brakes now beginning to squeak at 10K, need to have them checked out at next service.
Great Ride! Fun to drive. I got the SXT with leather, sun roof (huge opening), 3.5L V6. The 3.5 liter has great performance for the size of the ride. I think the 2.7L would be too small but just an opinion. Love the smooth ride (a lot of people don't know most of the suspension parts are Mercedes Benz). HUGE amount of cargo space in the back. And has a lot of great standard features. Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an SUV type cabin but a luxury type of ride. Cons: Cruise Control Stick design takes getting used to. Some blind spots on the sides of wind shield. Parking is kind of tough since its a long ride. A lot of backing out and straightening to get into spaces.
Fun car to drive. I installed a Jet chip to even out the sluggish starts. I can't complain, though it is only a V6 (3.5L) and not a Hemi. The chip worked nicely. Next is a K&N Air intake, cheap ways to gain a few more ponies.
Every time I see my car I can't believe how good it looks. @hat a beautiful, fun to drive vehicle it is. I wouldn't mind having one of the bigger engines, however I enjoy the gas mileage and can't complain about power or acceleration. Overall I'm very satisfied with my car, it gets me from point a to point b in style and comfort.
I had to decide what kind of car I was gonna get. I was more than surprised to realise that I was going to be buying an American Car (that wasn't a Jeep). After owning 3 BMW's, I was sure a European car would be sitting in the driveway but wow. The Magnum has been a favorite design since they hit the streets. After driving it, the handling, the fit and finish, the interior, the solid feel of well thought out construction, and most importantly, the way I feel when I'm driving this car. How did Dodge manage to keep the vehicle so tame and peaceful on the inside. It kinda feels like a Mercedes... OK, maybe it is the Daimler influence on Dodge.
Nice comfortable car with lousy windows and mediocre controls. What were they thinking? Hard to see stoplights, tops of hills etc. through narrow low windshield, the back has a narrow slit that gets dirty fast and is hard to see much in the rear either. Only question was where to mount the machine gun in the bunker. The cruise control, trip odometer are poorly located and designed, who needs an extra left handed stalk that runs right across the gas gauge. Did you hit the turn signal or the cruise control? Bad design. Controls and instruments have been much better designed in nearly all cars for over 50 years. Styling just to be different just dosen't cut it.
We recently took a 2300 mile trip in the car with four people and full of luggage, no problems. Ran great, average 20.9 mpg, even with a few high speed bursts.
This is the affordable fun wagon I was waiting for! V6 engine is plenty, but the SRT8 would be a dream!
This car is wild. It actually drives like a race car. It gives reasonable economy with tremendous power
Two weeks after purchasing this SUV, it went back to the dealer for various discrepancies. Problems started with brakes, roof rack, and electrical. Recently had rear brake jobs and returned the following day with ABS warning system and noisy when brake pedal is activated.
When I first brought the nitro I loved it but after having it for only 8 months I had been in the shop 4 or 5 times for the same reason (cutting off while driving) and every time they would say it was fixed and it wasn't I call the main office and they said it would have to happen again for them to do anything. I had a 2 year old and could not take the changed and trade the nitro in for a Chevy truck and went upside down $6000 because we paid 24,000 for the nitro and they only gave us 14,000 on it. Only 8 months after we brought it. I would not tell anyone to buy this car.
I bought my Nitro new and within 1 week, it was back in the shop to have the entire AC replaced. Here are my list of repairs for a 2 yr old car: AC replaced, door lock motors replaced 3 times, starter replaced, pass. side airbag repaired (said off when pass. in seat), center console replaced, outlet in back fell out of socket, car charger socket fell back into dash, 4x4 repaired, sunroof repaired, radio blaring when car is off (my personal fav), etc.
I've had my Nitro for two yeaers, no major problems besides brakes scratching alittle. The acceleration is somewhat poor but picks up when needed. The car look great and I get alot of compliments and turn heads. However, overall don't feel like its solid transportation
Nitro drives ok, but traction control comes on at random times, including dry conditions on flat roads at city speeds. At 36000 miles, just out of warranty, I had to replace the water pump and thermostat. Was still over heating so I took it to Clear Lake Dodge and they replaced the radiator free of charge. Drivers inside door handle broke about 100 miles ago. I have no idea why. MP3 input does not work properly. All lights and gauges will fail to operate from time to time. Must have a short some where. For having 50K miles, I think this is too many problems. 
I bought the Nitro on a whim, but have had no regrets ever since. I've had no Major problems with the truck. The only issues i've had is i wish chrysler put a manual lumber support in the drivers seat. Now the truck is 2 years old, i to have a rattle on my dash somewhere, minnor issues with the remote and the overdrive is acting up, activates at 45 and bogs the motor down less you speed up to over 50 or drop down yo 40 mph (chrysler knows about it), so dont hesitate to complain to your dealer or even chrysler about the issue, before your warranty runs out. Having said all that, I still luv my truck even after 2 years and I've gotten more compliments out of the nitro then any I've had.......
This car is nothing but fun. No problems with it at all. Recalls obviously but other then that no other repairs. Gas milage is surprisingly well. Great hauling vehicle. Lots of jump off dead starts, take any little 4 cylinder car anyday.
Love the way it rides and the overall look is great.. Only a slight raddle int the dash but is 2 years used.. Love the front grill wide and mean.. They know its an suv when I pull up behind them. Read a few bad reviews but didn't pay much mind. I'm a Chevy man but me and my wife love this thing and to the bad reviews, sounds like they should stay with there fords.. And leave Dodge alone they got everything under control with the nitro..
Love the way it rides and the overall look is great.. Only a slight raddle int the dash but is 2 years used.. Love the front grill wide and mean.. They know its an suv when I pull up behind them. Read a few bad reviews but didn't pay much mind. I'm a Chevy man but me and my wife love this thing and to the bad reviews, sounds like they should stay with there fords.. And leave Dodge alone they got everything under control with the nitro..
I have had nothing but problems - rattling - power windows not working taillights go out now I have a noise when I tap my brakes the noise continues even if i am not applying brake my jeep had this same problem - interior is plastic - I have noticed transmission when shifting is problematic - 
This is such a fun vehicle to drive. Unfortunately, it started to rattle (rattling noises inside) about 7 months after purchase. It has been in the shop 4 times already. The first couple of times, they tried packing foam in the offending areas. Then they decided to order new parts (dash area and right rear post) saying that the bevels were worn. Problem seemed to be solved for about one week and then it started all over again. Now it just seems to rattle everywhere. I'm taking it back into the shop this week. I have my fingers crossed that they will get it right this time.
We just recently purchased a Dodge Nitro and love it! It has great performance and the car turns some heads with it's classy design. The gas mileage is great for an SUV. I drive 50 miles one way to work and back so I need good mileage! I have to say I'm very impressed so far with my Nitro and highly recommend it to anyone.
I had new car fever and I fell in love with the looks of the Nitro. I was really enjoying the car. I took three teenagers on springbreak to Florida. On the way home while going 70 mph, in the far left lane, the car cut out, all the lights came on - for several seconds (which seemed like hours) the car was stalled. Thankfully, it came back and we were not killed. I took the car in and after two days and being insistent on cause and repair, there was an electrical module replaced. According to the Dealer, who stated they had contacted the engineers, there had been 10 reported problems. I hope this is the real problem and it was fixed. However, now I'm leary of the car. 
We love the exterior and interior appearance of this vehicle. It is different and everyone seem to take notice of it. It is a mid size vehicle that makes you think it is much larger. Great leg room in both the front seating area and the rear seating area. We have four large dogs and this vehicle has plenty of room for them to spread out and lay down when we travel with them.
Do not buy the Nitro at this time. I bought a 2007 and have had transmission problems that started about a month after I got it. I've taken it in for flash computer upgrades, but it still has a bucking problem. I did some research and found that this is not an isolated case. It seems that corporate really doesn't know what to do. They keep sending you back to reprogram the computer to make you feel better for a while, but it doesn't fix the problem. I have owned a Chevy and a Ford before this and have never had these problems. I would say to anyone looking at the Nitro... get something else or wait until they get this transmission problem taken care of.
Dodge has done it again. After being a new model buyer of a 2004 GMC Envoy XUV, I had no hesitation to try another protocol vehicle. This was a gift for my wife and I had to find a ride comparable to the Envoy but in a smaller package for gas milage improvement. Our Sunburst Orange Nitro has fullfilled and exceeded our wildest dreams. Not only is it a blast to drive, but having all the options available , we are extremely impressed. Not a single flaw in performance nor in the assembly of this vehicle. We highly recommend this to anyone looking for 'downsizing' their guzzling suv and not sacrifice the drive and ride. The color scheme accented with chrome creates a lot of looks as well.
Works well in the snow of Big Bear and the sand at Pismo Beach. Very fun to drive, so much fun that we have another on order and are trying very hard to sell my 2004 Toyota Sequoia. The first is an SLT w/auto trans, but mine will be an SXT with the manual trans. Getting all the options added to an SXT 4x4 w/manual is not easy. Good thing I know the general manager at the dealership real well.
I saw the Nitro on the lot last November just after it came out. I knew that was the next one for me Now, four months later, not a day goes by that someone doesn't ask what it is, followed by "I really like it!" I still don't see many on the highway, but people don't know what they're missing. It rides solid and handles well. Mileage is better than my last foreign SUV.
I am very unhappy with my Nitro. It misses out. Tranny is very sloppy and they say this is normal. Bad gas mileage and under powered. I would not reccomend to anyone.
No one can say that the Nitro isn't sharp as can be in the looks department. It is quite the head turner, but as another wrote.. that's where the good ends. I have had several new cars over the years, yet none in the model release's first year. The 2007 Nitro is a prime example of why homework is important. They have many issues with this vehicle that they can't or won't address. It rides very roughly, the transmission feels like it's constantly searching for whatever gear it's in, the headliner squeaks against the underside of the roof, it has electrical issues that cause operations to fail, and it is cramped feeling inside. I traded a PT Cruiser for it, so go figure? Please fix mine..
This is a fun SUV (wagon). It's a real eye catcher, and you'll find yourself just looking at it or in it. It's just different. So far good on gas, better then my old Dodge 2500, at about 8 mpg. Just love this ride.
I love so many things about the Nitro, standard features, comfort, cargo room, etc. But I hate the fact it's been to the service department 3 times in the last month for the same problem (1600, 2200 & 2400 miles). he remote (keyless) entry has caused the Nitro to go haywire 3 times when the unlock button is pressed. This causes the Malfunction light to come on, and prevents all the computer modules from communicating with each other. First the dealer reset the computers, then they replaced the main (gateway) computer module. Took it back today, not sure what they have planned now. If they don't get it fixed this time, I'll be requesting a new Nitro, because other than that I love it. 
I have had this car 3 months. Great Looks, 3.7 L. engine good track record, (Jeep Liberty) notable refinements. 1.5 months later engine?s light came on; up today still on, they have no clue (dealer, Chrysler). The third time the car stayed at dealer for four days dealer could not figure out the nature for problem. Then it was time for Chrysler. That day I drove car home with light on, and still waiting for software update. The other incident I encounter twice while driving, it just quit, and all dashboard lights came on. The sad part is that the car is for my wife?s use and daughters, instead I am driving it. Wife does not feel safe driving it, thinking she might get stranded on the road.
My 2007 Dodge SXT Nitro is loud and has no power. It makes a noise. I thought it was only mine but I went and tried out another one out and it made the same noise. I thought the engine was ticking, but i had it checked out and they said it was supposed to sound like that. It's very uncomfortable to ride in. The seats sit up way too high. You dont have much foot room in the floor on the drivers side. Plus it would have been nice if they would have made it where your lights would cut on at night and cut off when the car cut off. The seats in the back needed to be moveable where I could move them back a little because the Dodge company put cupholders in the floor and my son is using them as a foot stool.
Overall I'm not very happy with my Nitro. My biggest complaint is the road noise. With my work I have driven most every new vehicle on the market, and the Nitro has far and above the most road noise. Not a lot more plastic than other SUVs, but definitly feels and looks cheaper. It gives it almost a hard feel. Mechanicly no complaints, enough power, etc. Fuel economy isn't great, but then thats not why I drive an SUV. 
I bought the Nitro for the great styling, high standard feature content, and room inside. After 3 days the satellite radio quit, took 4 weeks to replace the antenna, worked 5 days and quit again. Throttle response is horrible, push the gas and wait 1 second then it revs, makes it very hard to modulate with manual transmission which is unacceptable for a computer controlled engine. It reminds me of my old slant 6 Volare. Engine pulls willingly, but doesn't seem like 210 horsepower, gas mileage not quite up to rated but close. Engine rough and a bit noisy, not up to today's standard of refinement. Center console too wide, nowhere to put your feet but under the pedals. 
I bought the Nitro R/T with the larger engine and boy is it fast. It really gets up and goes a lot better than my 2000 Jeep Grand Cherokee with the I-6 4.0. Handling is great with the ESP and braking is really good as well. I love the heated leather seats, rear power outlet, sun roof, and the best is the great comments I get from people about how it looks. A lot of people still haven't seen or heard of the SUV yet. That's what I like the best about it, you don't see one of these bad boys everyday, like some of the other less bolder SUVs.
I've had my Nitro for net yet a week. So far, I love it. I'm getting good gas mileage, 18 city and 23-24 hwy. I love the kick from the 4.0L engine. Great bold styling! I get a lot of comments and questions. It's great! The R/T comes with the bigger tires and nice wheels, a nice extra. 
I try not to drive my Nitro everyday, but I can't help it to be honest. It has enough power to keep me interested, but could use a little more. Handling is smooth, a guy comes up on my tail with a *cough* GMC Envoy, and that's all he got to look at.. my tail! I had the Nitro going around a 30 mile hr curve at 45! But I also have those 20 inchers!
Dodge can dress a vehicle up and give it some curb appeal but it ends there. Nitro underperforms for me. Quirky and cute looks on the outside are a plus. Interior is horrible. Stiff and uncomfortable seats, tight width spacing, odd foot room on both front driver and passenger. Overall ride fair, very stiff and bumpy. Handles very well in snow, but odd jerky-ness when in 4wd and moving thru parking lots (low speeds, 0-15). Heating system lacks power badly and direction. Lack of freeway power to pass, lags before speed engages. Overall not the vehicle I expected. Not recommended.
We are very happy with our new Nitro. We traded in a 2005 Mustang for it so first impressions were important. Only have around 1000 miles on it and absolely love this vehicle. Great for our Wisconsin winter. The only negative we have at this point is that gas mileage is terrible - hope this changes once the vehicle has broken in some. At this point we are averaging 12 - 13 mpg in the city and the best highway so far has been 19 mpg. (In comparison, I am averaging 16 mpg with my full size Dodge with a 5.9 engine!)
Love my Nitro RT Model. For a few thousand more you get 40 hp and 20 in chrome wheels and other little goodies. Drives and handles smaller than it looks. A sport car SUV? Get more looks than my Corvette. I see a lot of people are concerned with mpg. Reset your computer when driving on the highway. I tried it and was avg 25 mpg 65 mph. Fuel avg really drops when sitting or warming up vechicle. Have reset to 0 after 1st 1k avg 17.6 mpg.
I saw this vehicle on a TV ad, and I had to have one! I've never seen an SUV quite like this one. It's a blast to drive and very aggressive looking. The gas mileage isn't the best, but that's alright. This is the first Dodge I've owned, and I'm very happy with this truck! If you like it, but it! You wont regret it!
I have had my black Nitro for 1 1/2 months. I am amazed at how many people have come up to me in parking lots wanting to know what it is. I added the chrome running boards and front chrome facia and just love the added look. I am so happy with the performance and ride of this vehicle!
Killer looks, smooth ride, plenty of power. Handles well, fun to drive. A real head turner. A real pleasure to drive. My wife took it away fron me. So I bought me a 2007 Dodge truck. We are a Dodge family.
Awesome to drive. I get a lot of looks and compliments from people. By far my favorite SUV! 
Love it, stepped down from a Land Rover Discovery II and do not regret it. Do not pass this great lil SUV by.
I have researched several SUV's for months and finally decided on the Nitro. I am so happy that I did. l have only had my Nitro 6 weeks, but so far have no complaints. I love the interior design, but the exterior design is what is catching onlooker attention. The handling has been impressive. 
I traded in a Chevy Suburban for this great SUV. The Nitro's fit and finish blows away any domestic I've owned. This vehicle is fun to drive and really turns heads. I have never owned a Dodge but its pretty clear that Daimler has had a very positive influence on this build. May have to buy another one. 
My Nitro 07 is the beast vehicle around for the price. It handles great, it is solid, with tight steering and power. The look is tough and cool. I am about to lease my 2nd Nitro. I have a different vehicle as well, more expensive than the Nitro and the quality is not a good as the Nitro. Just because it is a lower cost SUV your not losing anything compared to the higher cost SUV. Get one now!
Just bought an SXT 2wd. I had to have the Orange one. It gets a lot of looks already. It is very comfortable and easy to get in and out of. I am a large person and this thing really fits. I was kind of surprised that it didn't have cruise on the base model. I don't use it a lot but would have been nice. The back does hold the biggest goalie bag they have, which was a requirement of the household. Remember this is a rear wheel drive vehicle, so it dosen't drive like your FWD car your replacing. Fun, fun, fun to drive. It handles just as well as the Intrepid I replaced. Can't wait to get some more miles under the belt. 
I purchased the SLT 4x2, Black, oh what an eye catcher! The first week I took it to work I was in the parking lot during lunch every day, because my co- workers wanted to see it in and out. I even get people asking me to take them for a test ride in my SUV! It handles beautifully and my husband was so impressed on the handling of my Nitro he bought his two weeks later. I get between 22 and 27 miles per gallon (highway miles) city 19 miles per gallon). I have 4 grandchildren and I can ride all of them with comfort (no fighting). They love it! I am so glad I held out on purchasing a vehicle before the Nitro. 
I have had this vehicle a week short of 2 months and have 3000 miles on it. So far I have had several problems with this car. The first problem was that I was driving down the street and the car just quit. Dash startup system lights came on and it just quit. I took it to the dealer and they couldn't find any "codes" in the car showing it happened. Then a couple of weeks later the electric lock swith plate on the drivers door quit working. I am waiting for them to get one from somewhere. Now just yesterday the car quit running going down the road again. Locks popped up and it just quit. This is very annoying after paying almost 26,000 for this thing.
I test drove the Nitro three weeks ago and found it fun and super to drive after my husband already took it on a test drive the week before. It's easy to handle, parks very easy, and for a short person has good view points. I drove it already in snow and ice and it handles very well. Love my sunroof and the leather seats. Controls on the steering wheel are cool too. I like better the old 2006 Ford Explorer I had. More sporty and sassy, a Grandma with and attitude and grandchild on board. I get between 17.8 Miles to 18.5 mpg and hope it gets better when I have more miles on the engine,
I got my Nitro 2 weeks ago yesterday, and have to say it's much better than I thought it would be. I get more looks in this truck than people get in more expensive SUVs, and it's fun to drive.
I found the Nitro to be quiet yet powerful. The cabin noise is very low. This vehicle has plenty of power with the standard 210 hp. It's a joy to drive and park and the shifting of the automatic transmisson is quiet and smooth.
This SUV is an all around awesome vehicle for the money. The other brands (mid size SUV's) I looked at were too cramped for space inside, too common looking, and even boring. The nicest ones were way up there in price, even before you add in options. The Dodge Nitro does everything I need from a SUV and does at a reasonable price. 
I've had my Dodge Nitro SXT 4X4 for a little over a week and I couldn't be happier. I was a little nervous buying a brand new model Dodge that hasn't been on the road yet but so far I am extremely pleased! It looks amazing, the inside has tons of room, the engine is a nice size with great pickup, yet quiet when driving, the interior has a great layout and is extremely comfy, and the free year of Sirrius doesn't hurt either.
Bought the Nitro last week and It's really fun to drive. The only real issue I have with the car so far is the gas mileage. Other than that I think I made a good choice. Get lots of looks and compliments. It reminds me of a cross between a Land Rover and an H3. 
Love this SUV. Very roomy compared to most I compared in its class. Looks outstanding, drives smoothly, and has some great features. I couldn't be more pleased!
This vehicle has all the features I needed at reasonable price. It can tow up to 5,000 Lbs; I can switch from 2WDt o 4WD "on the fly"! Has ample storage, roomy seating. Best of all it looks amazing! The other vehicles I tested looked too common. The fuel mileage is 16 MPG but I expect this to improve as the engine breaks in as it has only 1,000 Miles on it.
Have had to drive in a lot of snow and ice since I received it a week and 1/2 ago. Must say am impressed with Nitro's ability to get around. This includes quite a few hills, no problems. Handling and braking are both better than expected. Had a Dakota Laramie and this is as comfortable if not more so. While gas mileage is not great I'm sure it will improve with break in. am very satisfied with the Nitro. Did the change tires same day I bought it. Never have liked Goodyears, but then again most OEM tires are not that great.
I have a little Benz SLK55 AMG and I wanted something to haul stuff around and for use in snow and bad weather. The Nitro looks awesome and has some nice features. I originally wanted an R/T but then I figured that since this was really just my "bad weather" car, why spend the extra money? I didn't need leather or chrome wheels. The 4.0 with an extra 50 horsepower would have been nice, but I will make some mods to the 3.7 to jack it up by a few HP and it will be fine for what I need it to do. Also, rear seat leg room is much better than in other small SUV's.
I bought this vehicle for my wife, however I have a hard time passing it on to my vehicle. I think if this was around when I bought my vehicle I would have bought it instead. My wife loves it also. I know we will be traveling in her vehicle more now. By the way we exchanged a Lincoln Navigator for it, and it rides better than the Navigator. It gives my Mercedes a run for the money.
The Nitro is aggersively designed for the young and the young at heart. Dodge has taken the best of the other SUVs in the market like Jeep, Hummer, and Land Rrover and made it all Dodge. It's a very fun SUV to drive. Dodge has created a real head turner of a mid size SUV. Dodge has created a perfect SUV with the Nitro.
Good handling for an SUV. Very comfortable drive. Better than average gas mileage for its class. High value for the price. 
This SUV will become a verb. Took the 4WD for a test drive and then ended up buying the 2WD just because it was what I could afford :-) So far I like it. A bit light on the back so it fish tailed on a turn when I was merging on to a main road. It also made the tires squeal. After the scare I had a silly grin on my face. Talk about midlife crisis. I am mean again! 
I purchased the Nitro looking to get away from the pickup trucks I have recently owned. I am happy with my purchase and have been enjoying the drive. The ride is a bit uneven with the suspension not being very firm. It seems to take much of the bumps up front, but while running down the highway, its very smooth. Overall I really enjoy the vehicle.
I purchased the Nitro looking to get away from the pickup trucks I have recently owned. I am happy with my purchase and have been enjoying the drive. The ride is a bit uneven with the suspension not being very firm. It seems to take much of the bumps up front, but while running down the highway, its very smooth. Overall I really enjoy the vehicle.
My wife and I researched and shopped for a replacement for her Suburban. We have found the perfect solution. The Nitro is absolutely sweet! I like to say it has some "that was nice of you think of" features. For example, the Load-n-Go is way cool for loading groceries. The reclining second row seats are something I always wanted in my previous SUV and now I have it in the Nitro. We got the sunroof with ours and it makes driving this thing big fun! I must admit, it has the typical handling and sway feel of a midsize SUV's but of course, I drive a Vette during the week and I'm used to a very responsive feel. Overall, the Nitro is a total home run for Dodge. We love it!
I purchased my Nitro SXT last week, and it has really impressed me so far. Although I bought the "entry level" and it is very comfortable, stylish, and fun to drive. The V-6 has plenty of power, it is nimble on the corners, and a very quiet interior cabin. The seats are firm and supportive, and there's lots of cargo room for my Lab and Pug! Gets lots of looks and positive comments on the aggressive styling. Thanks Dodge, a great SUV for the money ($20k)
I recently purchased my Nitro 2007 after leasing Infiniti's for the past 15 years. Although there is a little less luxury to the ride, I love this car and enjoy driving it, especially since it seems to handle just as well as the Infiniti's. 
My new Nitro had 19 miles on it the day that I purchased it on September 26, 2006. The vehicle is really a blast to drive, it has great pickup and the handling and braking make the mid-sized SUV feel like a much smaller vehicle. I have had numerous people gawking at my Nitro everywhere that I take it, I even had one guy stick his head in the window while sitting in a parking lot -- while I was still in the truck! As of this writing I now have 7 days and 345 miles of pavement under me. So far the only complaint that I have is the gas mileage not being anywhere near what the sticker indicates, averaging about 15.25 MPG (Sticker indicates 17/23). I was hoping that it would've been at least 19.
I love My Nitro, But I have had many problems with it like I have had head lamps changed more than once and I have a water leek through the roof rack (theres a recall coming for it)my carpet in the back seat area gets soaked when it rains or washed and I live on the wet west coast and my tail light has moisture in it from somewere.
ive had this car for about a year now...not one single problem with it...hearing all this neg. stuff makes me wonder if people just like to gripe. I believe dodge did a great job making this suv and love driving it...
I personally have had nothing but problems with my Nitro. First time owning a Dodge and at this point will never own one again. The shifting issues they have has now caused me to have to have the transmission rebuilt with no help from Dodge. I'm very easy on my vehicles and have kept up with all maintenance so this is not due to neglect on my part. Not a happy customer
I wish that Dodge put more thought and time into making their cars. I love my Nitro but can't stand the fact that it has to be repaired so much. My transmission is being repaired possibly replaced, this is the 4th time it has been in for that, my rear latch on my lift gate went bad got that fixed but was not repaired correctly had to return it for that, my rear speakers had to be replaced, my a/c has not worked properly since I bought it. Honestly I'm very afraid to buy American cars again
When I bought this car, I was actually looking for a Jeep Liberty. I saw this car and liked its looks. It was brand new and one of the first R/T models available in the city. I decided to give it a try. It has had three recalls already. Had to take it back to the dealership at least four times. Its not fun to drive, the speed-shift is awfull. Not enough space for your feet. The plastic used inside looks a little cheap. Constant problems with the central computer. The R/T model sure looks nice bus performs and handles terribly. Take a look at the latest consumer report for new cars 2009. It doesn't have one good thing to say about this car! Can't wait for my lease to be over!
I've had my Nitro R/T 4.0 engine for 11 mos. now and I've had a number of problems with it.Two weeks after I got it I noticed a like chattering noise from the engine. First they said serpentine belt. The noise got louder. My crankshaft bearing and pistons have been replaced. My Sirius radio has had 2 recalls. Needs new one. Heater doesn't work right. Now my roof rack has a recall on it.T hey are tired of working on it. Take it to another dealership. Sad thing it only has 9700 miles on it. What next?What will it be like in another year? Parking it is terrible too. Wider than my other SUV. Hard to see where you are in a parking space. Too much money too many headaches. Stay away! Not unless you want trouble?
I love this vehicle. We have taken it to Tenn and South Carolina on vacation with five of us. The kids love all of the plugins for thier games and DVD player. 
Since the night I bought this car 12/31/07 it has been a mistake. The night I drove it off the lot the radio died because it blew the fuse. It does that every 3 months or so. Every other time the radio dies and has to be replaced completely. The roof rails have rattled and been loose since day one. They have been replaced 2x under warranty and still rattle. The brackets holding the seats were all rusted and had to be replaced. The door hinges are rusting. The side panel in cargo area was warped and was replaced. Part of dash was bubbling and was replaced. Now the transmission is making noises and hesitating. My driver seat back won't adjust at all. Been a problem since day one. I hate this car
I have a 2007 nitro r/t nitro. I put this info once before. I have an answer now. I'm having a problem with chattering in front end. It's the serpentine belt. Chrysler can't fix this problem. I had it in the shop twice. The service told me that Chrysler don't touch it. A service rep. came out. He called the eng. They sent out some parts to put on it but, the problem isn't fixed. It's better but, sometimes it's still just as loud. I took it over to the dealership. I was getting all of my receipts to send to my atty. The ser. Mgr. Heard it doing it again. Took it in for service and he's gone. I called my atty. They said I have a case for the lemon law. I was told niitro r/t wasn't designed for that size eng?
I've had my Inferno Red R/T for about 2 months now and for the most part I am pleased. I love the exterior looks and the torque on the 4.0L V6 is awesome. I live in a very hilly part of Pennsylvania so gas mileage is not the greatest. I average about 13- 14 mpg/city. Also the build quality is a little sub par. Since I have had the vehicle the transmission has leaked, the rear door and hatch panels rattle like crazy with music and the roof rails needed to be replace. End the end. I really love this car. Chrysler just needs to do a better job with their quality control.
I own an SLT with the 4.0 engine. It emits tremendous engine noise (sounds like piston slap) under light to heavy loads. Per dealer and factory this is normal for this engine. It is totally not acceptable for comfortable driving. In June the factory rep. stated there would be a fix by way of a service bulletin but this has never occurred. All other facets of the vehicle have been very acceptable.
My company bought a Nitro SXT 4x4 as a work vehicle for me that had a decent amount of cargo space, easily parked in NYC, had 4 wheel drive, and was relatively inexpensive. The lifetime powertrain warranty was another big plus. I've had a few minor problems with it including a collapsed driver's seat and cracked roof rail, but aside from that and taking care of the recalls, it's been 17 relatively trouble free months and 35,000 miles. Despite handling that's not so confidence inspiring, it's comfortable, does extremely well in the snow, looks great, and performs well for the money.
I have had my Nitro for a little over a year now & absolutely hate this vehicle. Here are the problems I have had so far: park brake does not hold vehicle on slight incline unless you give it that extra little pull to the last notch, park brake boot zipper splitting 5 times dealer glued it closed & say that was chryslers fix, it split open the next morning), truck completely shut off while I was driving, roof rails lifted up, pass seat squeaks, a/c isn't very cold, can't roll up pass window from driver side, unlock switch actually locked all doors, seal on rear pass window replaced, tire press dings in cold temps, seat belt warning when no one in pass seat key fob issue when vehicle running
Bought my nitro r/t June of 07 had only 2 months before I started having problems first the suspension was making noises the dealership acted like it was no big deal tried several things to fix didn't get it right until the third visit they said it was a body mass dampener as soon as I got the car back from the dealer a multitude of things started to act up plastic wheel coverings creaked when turning power steering pump making whistling noise had it back to the dealer twice on that they told me it was inherent to the vehicle and to contact Chrysler customer service instead I contacted lemon law atty. This vehicle has other problems as well drivers side window, a/c, time without my car 36 days
Fell in love with this vehicle because it looks different - not the same old thing. Seats are comfortable for me, steering and brakes are responsive. Lots of luggage room. Then it stalled while I was driving 75 mph on the interstate - twice. Several recalls later and that problem has been corrected. Rear seal leaked, interior plastic is warped in a few places, sunroof leaked. I like having a reliable vehicle and I'm not certain that is what I have with my Nitro. I drive close to 2,000 per month and I like knowing that I can get in, keep my gas tank full and my oil changed and go wherever I want to without worrying about reliability. Not sure that is what I have with my Nitro- shame!
After 1 1/2 years and 35,000 I have never had such a love/hate feeling for a vehicle. Good style and good ride, MPG ok for the size(19/23). Computer system, water pump, roof rails, wiper motor and switch have been replaced under warranty. Have had 2 recalls so far. Roof rails are cracked and rattling again(very poor design)and this will be my last visit under warranty. Not sure I want to own this Dodge when it's out of warranty coverage. 
This is probably one of the best mid- sized inexpensive SUV's I've driven or rode in. It's a smooth ride and definitely an attention getter. I've gotten as many compliments on this as I did on my Formula Firebird! The cabin is roomy and versatile and the electric outlet is great for charging my camera batteries! The only downsides I can point out are the ability to hear outside noise, (It's not over the top, but not as quiet as I would have expected), and it would be nice if the back hatch opened a little higher than it does. It would also be nice if there was a back hatch release on the key fob. Overall, I feel it is an exceptional vehicle for the price and I enjoy it immensely.
We bought it brand new last December. We only put 4000 miles on it, and it has been in the shop for months. To many recalls, dealer service department replaced battery twice, the radio, the cluster, all electrical wires. And still in the shop. Dealer service department don't know how to fix it. They told us they talk with the Dodge engineers and they say they were having the same problem. We bought it because the car has the lifetime powertrain warranty. But that's the first and last time we buy a Dodge.
Just like a marriage after 7 years, it was love at first sight, she was beautiful, had a great body, gave your a rush when you came close to her, but she became fat and heavy and wasted all your dough and didn't do it for you anymore. Poor handling (sways side to side when going over small bumps), poorer gas mileage, interior has too much plastic. I. E. doors, dash, center console. Large blind spots invest in blind spot mirrors. Everything got a strange little delay to it, from honking the horn to acceleration/braking. Brake light burn out often. After two months the window switches stopped working. No power on flat out acceleration (don't try to jump in on the highway if you don't have room.
I have owned my vehicle for about a year and a half. I have had it into the shop 6 times. I have had 2 recalls and several other issues. I have had the vehicle recalled for stalling (after I had already experienced the stall, which could have caused a serious accident), as well as I had a cracked roof rail, panels came loose over the seat belt on passenger side, air conditioner quit working today at 26,000 miles, the rear inside light will only come on if you hit it (Dodge says its a manufacturing problem) loose carpet, loose console covering, seat had to be removed to fix the carpet, and, the stain resistant seats do not resist anything.
If you are looking for a great lower priced SUV, this is it. If you haven't noticed the people that complain about the Nitro have bought the cheaper version. They have three versions the SXT, the lower priced, the SLT the medium priced, and the RT the higher priced. I recommend the SLT, comes with sun roof, uconnect and it doesn't have that ugly plastic. Very clean, love it.
I purchased a 2007R/T in Feb. A manager was driving it. It has 6700 on it now. It. Making a chattering noise from the front end. At times it seems to get louder. Two dealerships called Chrysler and they know about the problem? But they don't what it is and they don't know how to fix it? They say it is safe to drive? How do they know if they don't know what's wrong, or fixing it? 
Bought it as a demo with 930 miles on it. Was in the shop for the first week of ownership. Replaced cracked roof rails, steering sensor and the ABS sensor. Took a week to figure out which sensor was keeping the ABS, steering stabilizer and traction control lights on. Quality control is awful. Should never had traded in my PT Cruiser
I love this vehicle! Plenty of head and leg room! My kids can stand up in the back without touching their heads to the ceiling! Lots of room! This vehicle handles really well around corners and into small parking spots. Cargo room, you can get lots of stuff back there. We bought a liner for in the back. If there would be any spills then it stays on the liner and not in the Nitro! The radio/satellite/CD have great sound and are centrally located and easy to reach. Comfortable seats. The exterior is very impressive! You get lots of looks at it and people asking what kind of vehicle is that??? LOVE IT!
Since purchase, I've had no major problems but a few concerns. The 1-2 shift is harsh when cold, a slight whistle sound from the AC system and the glaring lack of a rear AC vent for a vehicle of this size annoys me. Gas mileage hovers at 21MPG but only when driven like a baby carriage. Everything else is fine and I'm impressed considering the price I paid.
Just got the Nitro r/t 1mt ago for my wife we love this veh, had a 03 Cadillac CTS and by far this is a better vehicle to drive and just love the looks inside and out it will make heads turn as you drive by someone, 
We have had the Dodge Nitro for almost a year. It is sharp looking and has a roomy interior. We have not had any problems with this vehicle and love to drive it. We have two young kids and they can stand up inside when getting into their seats. Lots of cargo space. It has lots of power for a V-6 engine. Great sound with the CD/Radio/Satellite. We tow with it and the tow/haul button is conveniently located. The only thing I would say that I thought would be better was the fuel economy. It gets the average gas mileage. As a family it is safe and drives well for an SUV. Hope this helps you out on making your decision to get one or not!
Bought our Nitro as a program car with 20K on it. We have had several small SUVs previously, a Honda CR-V and most recently a Santa Fe, but this fits our purposes better. The fuel economy is around 20 in the city - because we drive reasonably. Have not really had it on the road. The economy improved when we had the transmission flashed (it did hesitate between 30-40 MPH). There is a TSB out on this issue. Yes, it rides a bit more truck-like than the other SUVs we have owned, but we don't seem to mind that because it is still comfortable and steady. 
Had nothing but problems with this vehicle, driver window broke, had stalling problem ended up being computer recall, automatic unlock from inside broke, plastic bars on top lifted from front needing to be completely replaced now I worry about leakage. To top it all off dealership (Sandoval Dodge Las Cruces New Mexico) was not helpful or nice, after several problems after first purchased I asked owner to buy back car from me, he refused stating he had enough cars right now. Unacceptable. My first and last Dodge 
I got lucky and got this Nitro for a real deal ( last years model ) I found it to have more than enough power for all uses. Very nice looking handles well and goes great in the deep snow. It seems to be ok off road for the most part gut could use a little more clearance but still good. Love the folding seats, very sweet for visibility when driving alone or storage space. All around happy except it drinks gas like it owns the oil co. And mpg is not true, I get only 14 city miles to the gal. And if you like to be performance man it is a lot worse. Over all well built and a real eye catcher with the bright blue I have with all the chrome. 
Bought a 2007 R/T from Bill Kay in Naperville (avoid them). As for the Nitro R/T, it's a real head turner, w/ red paint and 20' wheels, it gets a lot of attention. The mileage isnt too bad. I ave 16 mpg, on regular gas, which isnt bad for an SUV that can tow up to 5000 lbs. The ride is firm, (Ridgeline, Envoy, and even FJ cruiser rode nicer), but it IS related to Jeep, so expect a truck ride. Performance out of 4.0 liter is almost as fast as my stock Prelude SH, which is admirable for a brick on wheels. Interior is a little on the cheap looking side, but it is clean and uncluttered. Wanted a Trailblazer SS, but this gets as many looks, lower priced, better on gas, and cheaper insurance
I've read some negative reviews on this car, but we "fell" into our Nitro as a dealer special. It was an end of year clearance special on the car, which we suspect was so low because of the manual transmission and the color. (Sunburst orange). Since we bought the car, I haven't had a problem, and the spacious interior is amazing. You would never know that there was that much room in the car from looking on the outside. And the Yousync feature for my bluetooth enabled phone is a life saver. In short: I love my Nitro.
These are dangerous, it stalls when sitting in park, surges while you have your foot on the brake, like someone is pushing on the gas, radio replaced eating cd's, computer telling tires need air when they don't. These suv's have issues, going to abritration and a attoney. They look great, but stay away. Many recalls
I've had my nitro R/T now for 6 months. I love it. Plenty of power with the V6, comfy and handles very well. Great sound system. Interior design is very good and well laid out. Instruments well designed and easy to read. Mine has only been back to dealer for recall on ABS brakes. I never had any trouble with them. My only complaint is the roof rail, it's coming loose on passengers side, poor attachment design. But overall very very happy with this SUV. Even with my heavy foot i still average 18 around town.
My Nitro is my first SUV and I mostly love it. I had to take it into the dealer for a leaky transmission twice in the first 3 months I owned it. One of my rear window motors died and had to be replaced about 8 months after I bought it. Overall, a good car, but I worry about its reliability in the long run. Fun to drive, and people comment on the styling.
Purchased November 2006, only been in for warranty service 2 times for TSB recalls. Other than that, I love it! Everybody just STARES AND COMPLIMENTS my BLACK Nitro. Mine is blinged out! Fuel economy is average, but I can't complain really. It has been absolutely reliable, and is strong as stone! It's a beautiful SUV for the dollar, I just hope DCX (Chrysler) doesn't stop manufacturing it. Get one! 
I purchased my Dodge NITRO R/T-4.0 in July 2007 and so far........so Good!!! I have been stopped at least 5 times in parking lots by people asking me what type of vehicle it is! Lots of compliments and turning heads! So far I have only been to the service department for an oil change!! It would be nice if it had automatic lights but the U-connect feature is awesome!! I love the hands-free cell phone chatting and the navigation system is fantastic!! I would recommend this vehicle to anyone(if they are not concerned with gas mileage).
We bought the Nitro in August. Has been in the shop a few times for pulling right. It's had two alignments and still pulls. Today it shut off on me. I would not recommend this vehicle to anyone elso.
Nice vehicle. Great price. Major complaints are the bumpiness of the ride - very truck-like. Also, UConnect feature and satellite radio are not included but buttons are on the factory radio. 
I absolutely love the SUV. Fun to drive, comfortable for my legs. I've been looking for an SUV with comfort for about a year and this is the car for anyone with a problem with leg room for the driver 
I purchased the 2007 Dodge Nitro in May of 2007 and love it! I gave the Nitro a 10 on everything but gas mileage. This is the first 'new' vehicle that I have purchased and I could not be happier with my decision. I kept my 2000 BMW 323 Ci but drive the Nitro 90% of the time. Dodge has given the Nitro a bold design, inside and out. Excellent performance/handling and it's so fun to drive. You won't be disapointed with this purchase!
I absolutely in love with my Nitro. I bought on New Years Eve and drove it home on the 1st of January of 2007 - I think it was the first one the dealership sold. I have the sunburst orange - the body style is so slick some people think it is a "baby" hummer - I a a real estate broker so it looks good when I drive into the great neighborhoods and it gets attention - it fits several guests very comfortably and it is fun fun fun to drive. I practically live in it and I can't say enough great things about my car. 
slt with leather wife loves it i hate it many problems,trans howls in 1st, fuel economy same as v8 2000explorer (poor) seats collapsed cold air drivers left side roof rails replaced, parkbrake boot #5 radio replaced eating cds, head lites terrible(i replaced the bulbs now ok. i am proceding with the arbitration avalible hear in canada, hope the will take this dog to the pound. 
I have owned my SLT 2007 Nitro for a week and I love it. I love the bold look of my Nitro and love the comfort and space. I have no complaints and hopefully will stay that way. It has a sturdy and safe feeling while driving. My 7 year old daughter says the back seat is comfy!
Overall great ride. I'm a little disapointed with gas mileage though. I recommend the R/T model. The 4.0 is a blast. 
I purchased my Nitro 4.0L R/T last year. I now have 16.9K miles. I still love it. Had a little noise in the engine compartment it was a loose power steering belt. Also, had a rattle coming from the leading edge of the roof rail. The leading edge of the roof rail is held down with double sided tape. Still a cool vehicle and its still nice and easy to me. 
I have had my Nitro r/t for 6months, I have had 3 recalls already, when driving on the highway and accelerating the gas pedal has stuck on 3 occasions, and will go to 95mph. I have brought this back to the dealership 2x already they don't seem to think it is a big deal. Yesterday I almost went right into the back of a tractor trailer - it is at the dealership yet again this morning. I wish I never purchased this vehicle.
I rented a Nitro and liked it enough to look at them more closely and buy one. It has met my expectations in every way so far. There are reviews that state that the handling is poor, however I beg to differ and have driven it in snow, rain, sleet, ice and on country roads as well as city. The heater/defrost system is excellent, as is the premium sound system. The back seat has lots of room - no problems accomodating a large/tall person. I average 18mpg, which is just marginally less than what I got out of my previous (smaller) SUV.
Im an 18 year old guy and got this for my birthday and I love this car. It's cool looking, smooth driving, nice for passengers, and my girlfriends all love it, oh and it's fast and fun in the snow especially since i got the fourwheel drive model. I love them. I only think they should change the seat panel on the driver and passenger seat. Im' six, four, three hundred pounds and I get caught on that plastic piece. Other than that it's great!
I love my Nitro R/T. If you buy a Nitro buy an R/T 4.0L. Don't but a 3.7L. I know it sounds strange, but go for the 4.0. The power difference is amazing. It is fun to drive, there is plenty of head and leg room. I have a 10-year old and a 12-year old, so I promise they have plenty of room in the back seat. Adults also have plenty of room in the back. The steering is excellent, it handles like a small sporty sedan does. The turning is excellent, especially with all the samll parking spaces now available. There is plenty of storage room in the back for groceries, backpacks, etc. I love how it sits up high enough for all to see out but we don't need steps to get in, especially since I am 5'1". 
Bought this vehicle about 10 months ago and have had it in the shop around 7 times already. First was the "recall" for the motor shutting off while you were driving. Had to have the roof rack replaced as there was a bolt missing. On the drivers side dash there was a gap that had to be fixed and now it won't defrost properly. I have troubles with the locks that won't lock when it's too cold. There is a horrible whining noise when it starts if it is lower than -15 outside. The engine rides rough. My new problem is that the key got stuck in the ignition and won't come out. I like the look of this vehicle but the whole performance issue is another thing. 
It's six weeks old love every thing about this SUV. Take time to research the vehicle first after that i choose the RT model. It has power to spare the handling is great for suv the 20 inch wheels are gorgeous. The gas mileage is according to foot pressure,easy and average 21.5 little harder about 19.I have owned three chevys prior to the nitro it is equal all areas, this vehicle is not for every one.Suv,s are not sports cars or luxury cars. But this SUV has passed my requirements
I just love the performance and comfort of this vehicle. The satellite radio is fantastic. Just wish there wasn't an open area at the opening of the hatch back. Too much stuff lodge in that area. The 4wd works with a switch instead of a level and makes it so easy to switch. Just love this vehicle.
I've had problems with my car since I picked it up from the dealership. It's been in the shop 17 times now! Had the transmission replaced twice, the electrical system replaced 3 times and so many systems updates my head spins. I no longer feel safe in the vehicle. It has shut off on me numerous times, with once going up a bridge. I almost killed the person behind me and another time while I was out of town, and Dodge made me pay to have it towed back to my town! Lights constantly coming on and off, the doors rattle when the radio is on, the transmission jumps and the whole car rides rough. DO NOT BUY THIS VEHICLE! Dodge has done nothing to help me. By time I could LemonLaw, it was too late
So far, it's been excellent. Love the stability control, used it on ice in Idaho.
It's appearance is what drew me to it. However,I don't think they put a lot of thought into the interior design, no creativity, no toys really,doesn't reflect the exterior image at all. I opted for the 6 CD/DVD player, expecting a screen to accompany it.It didn't.Not that I don't like listening to movie. It's just not the same without the visual. No response yet from them on whether or not there is any video output. If not,why offer it? Exterior? The tires look wrong (I opted for the 17")they should be bigger/wider. They are cookie cutters. The luggage rack shakes at around 95 km or in wind. For me the only saving grace lies in the aftermarket. 
Had the car for a few days so far, and it is awesome. I love it far more than my GMC Sierra 4wd i owned previously. First off, the looks of the RT are fantastic, the Grill shines with chrome, as do the wheels which fit great, also the two tone dark bottom half and white upper half interior really sets it off. Guages, and all components work well, and premium sound system is excellent. Room for me in back, and I am 6'3, even with front seats all the way back, perfect if they are slightly forward. RT has plenty of power and a aggressive growl from the engine. I have averaged a little over 21 mpg so far, and it turns heads.
A car ownership nightmare! I've had the car in the dealership 4 times in 8 months. It misses, hesitates, can't decide what gear it wants to be in....whatever you want to call it. They even replaced the transmission!! Now Chrysler says it can't be fixed & has declared the vehicle a lemon! It's still going to cost a lot of money 'cause they don't just take it back & give you a new one. You only get trade-in value & I wasn't ready to put out the bucks for a new car. Buyers beware!
Well first of all the sunroof leaks. The right side back glass leaks. The luggage rack is coming apart. It shakes real bad when idling at a stop. Sunroof was fixed but still leaking. Does not pull for crap. I'm gonna get rid of it as soon as possible. 
The Nitro is a fun SUV to drive, I purchased mine with all the toys, u- connect, back seat video entertainment, loaded. Ride is great, not the bumpy ride I expected. Gets a lot of looks. Extemely satisfied.
Don't be fooled by the cool looks of the Nitro! I've had problems from day 1. First of all the radio stopped working so the dealership replaced it then they replaced it again. Then the check engine light came on, I had it in 4 times before they finally fixed that. The transmission slips, they say this is due to needed download that Chrysler hasn't developed yet. I also have a water leak that two dealerships can't find. Now I drive around with 2 inches of water in the passenger floor pan, the interior stinks and the carpeting is ruined. Now I'm in arbetration to have Chrysler buy this lemon back. I have never been so dissapointed with a new vehicle purchase ever. DON'T BUY THIS PIECE OF CRAP!
I bought my Nitro a month ago and I love it. I was a little nervous when I read some of the reviews, but I have not had any problems that were reported. When I got home I noticed that I could not put my passenger side when down or up on that side, but the drivers side I could close and open it so I just took it to the dealer for replacement and have had no problems since. Even if I do wind up with transmission problems I have unlimited powertrain so I am not worried at all. I only got the base model but with automatic and I love it. it is not limited at all.
I wrote a review 1 1/2 months after buying my Nitro, about how happy I was with it. Since then, I have had two experiences of my Nitro "jerking", and had the dashboard lights come on. The first time it happened, I actually thought someone had hit me from behind. That's how hard the "jolt" was. I then got the recall later for this. I haven't had any episodes since then. I still love my Nitro and wouldn't trade it in for anything else.
The car handles nice and is fun to drive, however the ability to get in and out of the car is not good. You have to duck you head to enter the car. The front side windows of the car are much smaller than normal which makes bank and drive in transactions very difficult. The side mirror on this car are very large and tend to create blind spots when turning corners. The car features automatic door locks which are great except when you try to re-enter the car you have to unlock the back door which tends to get annoying when you have to go to the front to unlock the back. Everything on the console in the front of the car is slightly behind you which causes you to look down.
I went from a 2004 Chevy Monte Carlo SS to this and was I disappointed. The test drive was fine. The problems didn't seem to show up till the drive home. The vehicle surges from 0-40 mph and struggles to find the right gear. It sounds like it is in the wrong gear when accelerating. Hwy speeds are okay. If you need to merge don't do it. This vehicle has no pick up for passing. 2 days after I bought it I was back at the service center getting my recall fixed. I didn't know it was legal for a dealership to sell a car with a potentially deadly recall on it. I can't wait for that survey to show up. I must say it does gets some heads turning. All eyes are on me when I pull up but I miss my Chevy!
I got the R/T model after looking at nearly every SUV under 40k (and even a few over. I was looking for something that didn't look emasculated & not too big either. I was also looking for something that didn't look boring or generic-I had it narrowed down to the new LR2 or the Mercury Mariner/Ford Escape when I saw the Nitro R/T version; I went and drove it & was convinced- it is suprisingly smooth and quiet, at 80mph it feels like its quietly cruising; it's got peppy pick up, and just a smooth quiet ride all around. The R/T model is clearly the most unique small SUV out there. I got a late 2007 model so no problems that early models seemed to have. It's a great buy overall,esp for the money.
I have owned 2 Ford Explorers. They were good, but this vehicle is a blast. I have eveything on my SLT except the navigation system. I am a teacher and a coach. The kids absolutely love it and the Sunburst Orange color really turns the heads.
I bought my Nitro in 12/07 and its a head turner and I was exited but not for too long. It is up to the second recall. The first was for the brakes and the second for engine stalling. I do not feel safe after these recalls. The engine makes a noise that the service dept. does not know what to do, I have to attempt to buckle my seatbelt several times before it locks, the stain guard on the seats do not work because I've tried to remove stains that do not come off. All the service lights have come on twice so I need to get that checked. I also think that it has poor quality paint because a pigeon pooped on the hood and I didn't wash the car right away and It ruined the paint in that area. 
Over 4k no and no problems. My only trip to the dealer was an oil change. A fun SUV. Comfortable, good performance and ok gas mileage 16 around town. Very solid on the road. Mine is an automatic ( no SXT choice for that) I am very happy with my Nitro! It's a real head turner!
Use the car for work up and down the south shore of long island, so far so good. In and out of the car twelve times a day, so far no problems to report. Handles well, once you get up to highway speed vehicle seems quiet and smooth, but I do mostly street driving. I'm 6'1" and 240 lbs and it's comfortable to me. With the seat back, there is a ton of leg room for driver seems little less for passenger.
I just bought my black Nitro R/T a few days ago. So far I love it. I'm hoping I don't run into any of the mechanical problems others have mentioned, but so far it can't be any better. I'm surprised no one has talked about the MyGig system yet. It's awesome. The navigation and satellite radio are great. I already have pictures of my wife and our dogs on the hard drive and displaying on the screen. My only complaint so far is the hard drive space. I knew some of the 20 gigs would be used, but there are only 8 gigs available It's a little disappointing to have less than half the space advertised. Hard drives are cheap, why not stick 120 gigs or more in there. 
Love the way it looks, but it stops there. Since I bought this SUV it has been in the shop 13 times and I'm taking it back again. ABS lights have been on forever they can't seem to fix it. All sensors have been replaced, and modules and bearings and rear axle a new electrical harness, radio and I caould go on and on. This is a nightmare. The lemon law is gonna work for me on this one. Don't buy it. There's no pick up and go and no room for feet in floor board. Also bad blind spot. Noisy and engine tics and runs rough. Also 2 new brains, I'm sure I'm forgetting something. 
Love the style. Fits the year. I?ve seen cool concepts for years. I?m glad that were finally starting to see them. The mileage could be better, but what do you expect? It?s on a truck chassis unlike all the new crossovers on a car chassis. Good ground clearance off road too. I got the 6 speed for the fun factor but I had to get body colored fenders. The others don?t look too good but just my opinion. Maybe I?m biased though I sell them brand new and maybe that makes me like them more. Anyway I love mine
I have had my Dodge Nitro for a little over four months. I've got to say that I love this car. I have the blue Dodge Nitro and it's a head turner. I have not had any problems with it so far. I have travled in it a lot and to me it is great on gas on long trips. My family really enjoys this car. The nice part is that my son can spot our car easily. He's three and her can tell you that's mom's car. Not a lot of people have this car yet so it's easy to spot. I was thinking about getting a Jeep Liberty but it seems that everywhere you turn there goes a Jeep Liberty. I wanted something different and thats exactly what this vehicle is.
I wanted the Nitro since I saw the commercials when they first came out. I had another year left on my XB lease, but wanted to wait to see what people had to say about the Nitros after owning them a few months. A friend of mine bought one soon after they came out and his has been trouble free the whole time. I bought one on 5/16/07 after extensive research and comparison to other vehicles. I will use it mainly for work and occasional vacation trips. It will have to haul around my tools, in hot city driving and be able to move in snow and ice. I also want to tow a boat one day. I now have 1000 miles and wanted to wait until now to see if any problems popped up, but so far it has been great!
Love the bold design of the vehicle and the sleekness of the hand brake. Smooth ride, even though I was first told it would handle like a truck, it doesn't.
My driving experience has been fun for the first month. I received a lot of compliments on the style of the truck. I did a lot of research before I decided to lease the Nitro. I've been told that this truck was built for me. Can't get any better compliments than that. Rides nice and handles bumps very well. 
I purchased my Nitro a few weeks ago. I had to put a lot of miles on it approx. 3500 miles in 3 weeks. I've had only one problem which I believe is the belt tensioner it's making a little noise. I am going to take it in for service next week. My R/T Nitro 4.0L looks good, runs good, rides good, and has plenty of storage space too. It's a nice and easy ride! 
I drove this SLT model for most of a snowy winter. The chrome grille now has major rust like discoloration penetrating it. Looks bad, Dodge won't replace it, I washed it when possible but this brightwork has really deteriorated in a few short months.You would think it should be able to withstand normal Colorado winter driving. Has an ongoing vibration, very annoying. The dealer has checked it out, states "that's just the normal thing for the torque converter to do." I know better than that! Complained to Dodge headquarters, No positive help at all. Look out, buyers beware, Dodge is slipping in quality and in taking care of customer.They have lost me. 
I had been driving a Ram Hemi, wanted to downsize a little but couldn't find any SUV values. The Nitro sticker price caused me to look further. I liked all of the standard features and 4x4. I decided on the base model and upgraded to include the 4x4 and tow package. The base sound system works exellent and the ride is comfortable. I am tall and have to lean a little to get in, but plenty of headroom once inside. Plenty of power from the 3.7 and plenty of room inside, with the seats folded down for a place to sleep while camping! I did plenty of research, and for the money, I found nothing to compare. I have not experienced any of the problems described by others. Very happy!
I have had this truck for two years with no issues. I have a 6" lift, 35" tires, magnaflo exhaust, airaid intake and throttle body spacer, and I pull a 7x14 enclosed trailer loaded with toys and I get about 14-15 mpg, that is going up many big hills, and going about 65. I didn't buy this truck for gas mileage I bought it to play with and tow with, great choice.....at least my dodge doesn't have spark plug issues.....(5.4L)any guesses?
I traded my 2005 Dodge SLT 4x4 in on a Cadillac for my Wife, and regretted doing so as I missed it so much, so I bought the 2007 when I had the opportunity. It is a 2007 SLT Sport 4x4 with the Hemi and it is a fantastic truck. It sits outside day and night in uncovered parking in the hot Arizona Sun, and it has never let me down, doesn't over-heat, and the truck still looks like Brand New. The Arizona Heat can cook an interior, but so far, nothing has warped, nor faded. Now mileage totally stinks, and it gets worse mileage with the 8/4 Engine than the V-8 Hemi did in my 2005, and gets roughly the same mileage as my 1973 Dodge Powerwagon did with a 360. It averages only 12 MPG, which stinks!
Before I bought this truck I read every one of these reviews. Now after owning it for a few months I'm surprised they were so positive. I thought I'd add my 2 cents. Put simply, if you buy a truck to use a truck. Avoid this one. I tow and use my truck alot off road. Build quality is extremely flimsy. Tranny has very irritating and weird shifting tendencies. Road wander is horrible in this thing. The slightest little bump will send it bouncing all over the road. If you just go to and from work, and Home Depot on the weekends and don't mind the bouncing into the next lane when you hit a bump. This truck is for you.
Never had any issues with the truck. Truck came with the 20 inch wheels which is what I liked. It also came with the Hemi motor, and its really response when the pedal is floored. The Hemi is sensitive on the brands of gas, so its best to use a popular brand.
For the most part I really love this truck!! Awesome looks and can't beat the power of the hemi! But it is headed to shop for the fourth time for leak in back window. When it rains, the storage buckets under the back seats will have water in them. Can't seem to get it stopped. Also, truck comes out of reverse occasionally. Doesn't happen on a daily basis, but just enough to worry me. Thank goodness I have the lifetime warranty on the powertrain so that it will be covered if it gets any worse. Really hope they can get the leak fixed because I love my truck and don't want to have to end up trading it due to one issue!!
Great truck so far. Very dependable with respectable power from the little 4.7, but horrible gas mileage. I don't drive it too hard and have never got much higher than 15 mpg, even on the highway. I think it drives pretty smooth for such a big truck. The best part to me is the look it has. Mine has the chrome 2o's and i think it looks better and tougher than any other. I would recommend this truck to anyone. 
I have to say overall I love my truck. It's not perfect though. The gas mileage has never really improved that much, the driver door doesn't seal very well and at highway speed there is a lot of wind noise. I have a leak from the front (probably by the looks of it the front trans axle) which is going for service next week, the Hemi engine when driving at highway speeds and switches to 4 cylinders will cause wheel spin on ice/black ice. This is a major problem for those of us north of the border in the winter! I also pull a 29' camper trailer with my truck and I wish I upgraded to the 2500 when I purchased my truck 2 years ago. Overall I am happy, but I will consider a Ford next time.
Overall I have enjoyed this vehicle. But I am having a ton of problems with the tailgate. It is really hard to close at times, or it won't even stay shut.
We have owned GM vehicles always and we were looking for a good lease deal. Dodge was the greatest. We hesitated getting Dodge because what some people say but that truck had such an extreme hard life and never left us stranded. Never any transmission problems or anything. Up huge hills with 5 snowmobiles on the back of a trailer to the rug, burnout competitions, snowmobile trails you name it and it did it. It went awesome but the lease is now up. At 33k it still goes like new!
Truck ran fine until it hit 2,500 miles, then it was a check engine light, after getting truck back from dealer all warning lights would come on at the same time when the temperature got over 95 degrees outside and the truck would start cutting out and would not start on occasion. After being left stranded three times and no fix from Dodge we took a loss and traded it. Might have had better luck at a different dealer service department.
First off I must mention this truck has the old model 4.7L motor and not a Hemi or the 250HP 4.7L that came out later in 2007. The truck has been fun to drive aside from being a bit underpowered on the freeway. I have used the 4x4 on weekend excursions and the truck is plenty comfortable for longer vacations.
This is by far the best truck I've driven or rode in. The 5.7 has nothing but power. Fuel economy around 18 on hwy at 65. Around 14 in city. The backseat is huge. I have a friend that's 6'4 and has plenty of leg room. The heated leather seats and sound system are awesome. I have no complaints. Compliments everywhere I go. I. Bought with intentions of a family vehicle and it will serve great for that and work. The rear room is more than any SUV or car. By far the best vehicle I've ever had.
I've only had it for about 2 months so far but it is truly awesome! I got the "ThunderRoad" edition, which (as best as I can tell) included bigger/better tires/rims, better stereo/speakers, and nerf step up bars. The ride is quite smooth and the interior is very comfortable. Obviously the mileage isn't "peak", but it's a V8 truck for heavens sake so that really shouldn't be a complaint for any owner - that said, however, I've averaged about 18.5 mpg so far and even have a cellphone snapshot of it hitting 21.1 mpg at one point (all highway driving obviously - but 21.1 in a V8 pickup truck...awesome!)
Overall this truck has been excellent for the money. My 07 4.7L Ram 4X4 has plenty of space and offers a very comfortable ride. Have had no problems except for with the 4WD system. I have 25K and have already had a problem with the front drive axles slipping off the front diff splines making it very difficult to drive in the snow. As of yet no word on whether Dodge will fix it under warranty. Transmission does shift difficult at times but other then that excellent mpg. ranging anywhere from 12-22MPG depending on city or freeway driving.
I've always been a muscle car guy. When I test drove my 5.7 Hemi (Big Horn Edition) i enjoyed having that power on demand. This truck was the best value for the buck. Hands down. Plus the lifetime warranty is unmatched. I've had the truck for over a year now and have not had a single problem. Great for Hauling my muscle cars around! Actually gets better fuel economy while towing on the hwy! This is my first truck and what an amazing truck it is!
I own the 07 Ram 1500 SLT Quad Cab with the 4.7 V8 automatic. About every 2-3 months there's always something crapping out in it. Off the lot it had a module bad, that wouldn't allow the keys to program. Starting issues that are still not resolved because it wont duplicate when the techs are looking at it. Both fog lights broke. They fixed that. About 3 months later check engine light. Some canister failed. Took 2 weeks to fix that. 9 Month mark, trucks starts to pull. They replaced a bushing. Took 2wks for that, still pulling. They aligned my truck to a faulty machine..they admitted their machine was bad and got that fixed. Radiator fan will grind under heavy stress and engine temps. 
This is my first Dodge. I love the truck but will not be able to keep it after warranty. The engine light comes on with regularity. Luckily warranty has covered the new computer, all the code checks, leaking shock, wind noise adjustments. Warranty has not covered my TIME to bring the truck in and wait. If Dodge could fix this issue I would love the truck but will not be able to afford it after the warranty. My advice, lease one.
This is my 2nd Dodge Ram and I purchase the 2007 5.7 hemi. The engine gets great gas mileage compared to the 4.7. On a flat highway going 55 to 60 mph this truck clocks 30 to 31 miles per gallon. 
Nice truck, mpg is better than my Ford Ranger that I traded, The 4.7 engine looks to be well designed and has plenty of power, Transmission seems to have a mind of its own shifts are inconsistent and jerky at times, but if it becomes a bigger issue I always have the peace of mind of the lifetime powertrain warranty
I have owned 5 Dodge Rams, and this is the best one yet. The ride, handling, reliability and comfort are unsurpassed. This is the only half-ton truck to offer ESP. What a life saver! ESP has saved me many times this winter driving down narrow country roads. The seats are a perfect fit. The rack and pinion steering makes the truck fun and nimble. I have had no trouble at all.
This is by far the best pick-up on the road. Laramie mega-cab, has by far the most comfortable rear seat in the business. The nav is straightforward and easy to use. 5.7 hemi has incredible power when you need it. With 8,500 miles so far I average 16.5 hwy at 80 mph. The only bad news is 12.5 city. But I love this truck and so for knock on fake wood not a single problem.
First truck my cousin had to remind me in Texas a ram is not a pick up, it's a truck. I have has thirty comps about the look, I have had all types just looking. No problems at all this is my first new vehicle that I haven't had to take back in for something. I want the duel exhaust better radio little more quality in the cab and more paint choices like cool vanilla. I would buy 09 with that color. Looking at 09 when they come out. Great truck.
Bought this truck after looking at the Chevy, Ford, Nissan, and even the Toyota. Out of all the other trucks this one had the most features and room and was cheaper than the rest. Also if we live in America we should drive an American truck right? Suppot the local economy. 
Drives excellent, smooth, quiet, snappy throttle. tripped from NH to NC and back again and averaged 25.9 mpg with the 4.7 Magnum engine (that's not a typing mistake)
Poor performance and 4x4 weak, 19,000 miles and transfer case went south, very poorly designed transfer case, 48,000 sticker price, paid 38,000 new, and less than 6 months later dealers only want to give 19,000 trade in, fuel mileage on hemi is pathetic, 10.9 to 11 mpg, this is the worst car buying experience I have ever had, and that most money I have ever lost on a vehicle through depreciation, come on Chrysler! We are at record high fuel prices, inflation killing everyone's wallet and this is what you do for your customers! Thats crap!I Dodge thinks they have owner loyalty because people keep their dodges a long time, but that is because when you buy a Dodge you owe way to much to sell 
This is a great truck so far. I was immediately attracted to the truck's appearance, but when I drove it I was very pleased with the ride and comfort. Nice quiet ride. I previously owned a Jeep Wrangler, and needed more room and more cargo space. The truck works quite well with our Child Seat and the occasional trip to Lowe's. I purchased the truck with the 4.7l V-8. It's a good engine for getting around the back roads where I live. I don't do much towing, although I did pull an enclosed trailer with ease. I also really like the simple and functional interior. I was raised on GMC's, so purchasing my Dodge was a risk, but so far I am very happy with my choice.
I love my truck. It's so smooth and quiet, and handles like a car compared to old trucks. The build quality is amazing, I had given up on American automobiles and had sworn by Japanese cars when it came to quality and affordability, but Dodge has changed my mind with this truck its built every bit as good as a Honda and is much more enjoyable to drive!
I can't really say anything bad about the Dodge Ram. Its a very nice truck overall. Fuel mileage is about what is expected from the 5.7L Hemi. I average around 15mpg on constant short trips. The interior is very nicely layed out in 07 compared to past trucks. The radio is adequate. The amount of storage space in the cab is just amazing. Overall, if you really need a real truck, this is the one to get. If your looking for good gas mileage, look elsewhere. This is one truck that doesn't hide what it really is.
Bought the truck as it looked great in dark red with chrome 20" wheels/boards and the Hemi. No disappointments, averaging 17 mpg, have driven 20k miles and have not had any warranty repairs or rattles. No complaints 
Great truck, it's so comfortable inside and it has a Hemi! I love how this thing drives and my daughter thinks its a limo with all the room inside. I drive this every day about 70 mile round trip(mostly highway) and love the comfort and eazy way it handles. This is my first truck and Dodge and I am so glad that I picked a winner from the start.
I owned a 2000 Dakota and went to a sedan after that. When it was time to buy my next vehicle, it was a no-brainer. I went out and bought the Ram and I haven't looked back. Let's face it, Dodge full size pickups are the best looking trucks on the road. I love having 4x4... it's my first time. Driving around KS in the snow and ice has never been more fun! Oh yeah, I also hauled more than the recommended payload and it didn't even blink. This Dodge is built Ford tough!
Ths is by far the best vehicle I have ever owned. I would have bought the truck regardless. However the incentives were the best around. 
This is my first Mopar, and I love it (SLT 1500 BigHord w/5.7 Hemi MDS). I've always been a Ford fan, but with the price and all of the opions, it cannot be beat. Also, since DaimlerChrysler helped design parts for the U.S. Army's M1A1 Tank, they should be able to produce a great truck:) Need nurf bars if you or your spouse are shorter than 5'10" or a free hand to help pull yourself in. Love having 345hp if and when I need it. Gas mpg is acceptable for the power that can be unleashed - 17-20hwy 12-14city, learned to be more light footed.
I love this truck! I have owned Chevy, Ford and now...Dodge. Dodge has great everything except fuel economy. I got the smaller V8 thinking better econ, but the Hemi seems to get 20 mpg, I avg 12-13 with city/hwy mix. Get power options (long reach to pass window), but get the cheapest radio they have and put your own system in. You think it won't matter, but with windows down at speed, you can't hear it. The 20" wheels look great (w/shortbed rough ride..but fun), get the 15" stock and put your own 18" wheels on.
This is my third Ram. I really like the fit and finish. Truck is solid and sure. Towing is very good. 20 inch rims are awesome. Had a LWB and got a SWB this time and it makes a difference in the parking lots. Plenty of Power..MPG has something to be desired but I knew that when I got it. Make sure you use the cruise otherwise it has a tendancy to take off and you dont know it. MDS works OK. Rear tail lights are awesome.
A loyal Ram 1500 4x4 buyer: 1990, 1999, 2005 & most recently an '07. I had an '05 Ram 1500 quad 4x4 w/Hemi and was disappointed...Poor fuel mileage and a terrible ride. Fitment was also poor. Because I rarely used the 4WD I opted for the 2WD this time. I am very happy with my choice. I got a very good deal at the Dealership (a lost leader deal). With the 4.7 eng I get 20 MPG on the hi-way and it is still new. Off the line it keeps pace with the Hemi, but the Hemi is superior at higher speeds for raw get up and go. Never the less the 4.7 seems to be more than adequate. This revamped model seems to have ironed out the product line's prior deficiencies. It seems to be a very good value. 
Great truck, Getting on average 18mpg, Has lots of room, lots of power, and yes its got a Hemi! Has cheap stereo system and seats. 
I got the SLT reg cab w/the Hemi, only one I've seen. I was looking at quadcab but suprising amount of room behind seat & I feel that it looks better; a real hot rod stance. Truck is big; size & ride hight seem a lot larger than Ford/Chev. I love the black prl (the crimson color is pretty, but couldnt get 1 w/the Hemi around here). The rack & pinion makes for easy manuvering over old-style idler/pitman arms, parking is no prob. I've put 6500mi on it -city traffic around 14-15mpg, I got 19 yesterday on the hiway at 85mph (thank you MDS). best was 23 on 40mi drive at 55mph. The Hemi is awesome! It pins you to the seat & goes right now. I hung with a Vette from a stop for 1mi. Get a radar detector.
I just traded my 2005 Ram SLT1500 with 4.7 liter V8 for a 2007 Ram Big Horn Edition SLT1500 with 5.7 liter Hemi multi-displacement engine. I was looking for the higher tow rating and the lifetime warranty (however my 2005 had a nice extended Mopar 7/70 warranty on the powertrain). The 2007 is a wonderful truck. The Big Horn comes with 20 inch wheels that look super but may take a little away in the towing department. The Blue Tooth hook up is great as is the satellite radio. Both of those items are in demand and appreciated. The chassis is excellent for driving and pleasing to tow with. Nothing beats the look of a big Ram. I got a great deal too as the 2008's (with less rated HP) were here!
More than avg mileage on it first 9-months. Around town, yep, MPG falls to 13-15. My truck has Hemi with multi-displacement engine, since a lot of my 14,500 miles highway I see nearly 20 MPG! Thats pretty great considering size. My former vehicle a 4-Runner got around that MPG but 'hated' that thing! I have the big-daddy 20's and aluminum rims, look much hotter than chrome! All in all I love this truck. OK, one bad part, has had weird transmission issues. When placing in reverse a grinding meshing sound occurs sporadically. Its actually in shop now, I hated to take it in I love driving it. Providing that isn't a major long term issue I will be more than happy to recommend this truck 100%!
I got the truck to tow a travel trailer. I'm sure it will do that just fine. The mega-cab has great room for everyone to sit comfortably. I traded in a Dakota quad-cab on this truck. I had the 4.7 V-8 and got 19 MPG on the highway. I?m very dissatisfied with the mileage of the 1500. I know I got the Hemi. But I?m only getting 12.5 miles per gallon of mid-grade gas and I don?t gun it.
I bought this Dodge based on the styling, a short test drive and aggressive pricing I was able to obtain. After 3,600 miles, I am wishing I had checked a few of the options boxes differently or gone with the competition. I liked the looks of the 20" rim and tire package available as part of the "Big Horn" package. Living with this wheel and tire package on a daily basis is tough. The ride quality is horrible, especially on broken pavement but its not smooth even on fresh pavement. I have seen this complaint on other reviews and I would recommend not getting the 20" rims and tires. I also find the seats very stiff and lacking in upper lateral support. If your bigger this will be fine. 
This is my first Dodge and so far am extremely satisfied with the exception of the fuel economy. Best I have gotten on complete interstate driving at 70 mph is 15.6. Mostly I average around 13. That's after installing a Magna Flow exhaust system (added 1 - 1.5 mpg). Color, trim, wheels, etc. are amazing and people are always telling me how great it looks. Rides like a dream and plenty of power. 
Purchased my Quad Cab 1500 Laramie after looking at all of the major competitors. Each one offers nice features, but, the Dodge gave me the most for my money. Got the leather, premium wheels, Hemi, satelitte radio, power seats and much more for the same price as other Brands base models. It was too big of a difference to pass up!
There was no option for this trim level/cab config. with the 5spd auto, so I had to put this under the 6spd manual. This is my first brand new vehicle, and I love it. I've already put 850 miles on it in the first 8 days of ownership, had 30 when purchased. The 4.7 is more than adequate for the truck, despite a 4,500 pound curb weight. The 5 speed auto shifts smoothly, almost imperceptibly. Nice V8 rumble, even through the stock exhaust. Fit and finish seem to be top notch, on par with or better than my mom's '06 Sonata. Gauges are big and easy to read, nice aqua back-light. Enormous cab, more than enough room for even the tallest person. Roomy center console with the split bench seat.
Amazing truck to drive. Very quiet and the ride is very controlled and fair but firm. I have the 4WD Megacab.
This is my fourth Ram P/U. First one was in 1999. Last one was in 2004 and was stolen. took a while to replace it,but was worth it. Hard to compete with Chryslers discounts. My seconed Black one, this time with Added Chrome Bling. Love the ride and HP on Demand. Great for Towing my new Searay. Will be Adding new chrome wheels soon to replace Factory 20" Fake chrome. Buy a black one and make it shine. 
Love this truck. I test drove different models of trucks for 3 weeks before I decided on the Ram. I could not be happier. Power, looks, style, you name it, this truck has it. The ride is so smooth it's like gliding down the highway. Expecting my first child and therefore took a close look at all features of the trucks I looked at. Hands down, Dodge took the cake. I get a safe vehicle for my wife and child. And, I still get to ride in a very sporty and great looking truck. Already had a garmin so didn't need the nav system or bluetooth. However, all of the other upgrades make this truck the king of trucks.
Happy after a month of riding this monster. Very quiet inside. Engine audible only during fairly heavy acceleration. Impossible to hear the Hemi while cruising. Powerful, comfortable. Responsive, sedan-like steering. Great braking ability. Stable in sharp turns. Love the Bluetooth handsfree phone system. Interior free of rattles or visible defects. Feels like a livingroom on wheels. For a smart shopper, the Laramie is worth the extra money. From other reviews it seems the SLTs have some interior quality issues, not the Laramie. Great truck for my family and our three dogs. It's early for conclusions but at this time the average gas mileage is 14-15 mpg - mostly freeway. 
Love it and so far is the best vehicle I've owned. Powerful, sharp looking and reliable. Works great towing boats and the 4x4 is as strong as a Ram. 
I have had the MegCab for 4 months and have been nothing but pleased with this purchase. I purhcased this for towing/people hauling and it definitely fits the bill. Fuel mileage is about what I expected (18mpg). I would strongly recommend this to anyone looking for more versitility than a minivan.
Economy would most likely improve with a taller 5th and 6th gear. Can be painful in freeway traffic. Handling is good, build is very good, and seat comfort excellent.
I have the 2007 Big Horn SLT 4Dr Quad Cab SB 5.7L HEMI. And I love that truck. More power than I need, but I like having it. The truck looks great sitting on those 20in rims. All around a very nice truck. I have not had any trouble at all with fit or fininsh, that was the only thing I was worried about before buying it. I guess the guy that put my truck together was on top of his game that day.
My new Ram replaced an '03 Ram Quad Cab. I am very pleased with the performance, handling and comfort of this vehicle, which is smaller and more fuel efficient than the Quad. The smaller 3.7 V6 engine is ideal for me as I do city driving but have the need for a full-size truck for hauling. I have owned Ford and GMC trucks previously and none of them gave as much power with a V6 as this truck does. Dodge has made a lot of refinements in looks, style, appearance and comfort with this truck. My vehicle has the SXT package which is a notch above the base ST model. It is well-equipped with power options, cruise, Sirius, offers good value and good looks for a very reasonable price. 
This is the 3rd new truck that I bought, the first Dodge ever. Why a Dodge, well, it was the cheapest! It has power, plenty of it! Even with the upgraded 20 inch wheels and 35 inch tires it can tow almost anything with its Hemi. However, it has three problems, fuel is the biggest, never has it come close to what Dodge says it does, on average it gives about 11 MPG, 13 on the highway if the wind is behind you, 10 in town no matter how you drive. Another problem are the stiff seats, they are very uncomfortable after seating for about 30 minutes, I get off and sit in my brother's Chevy 2500, and immediatly notice the diference. The other problem is the off- center stearing wheel to the driver.
My Dodge has all the motor performance you could want. I've had both Ford and Chevy and it beats them hands down. The one area seriously lacking in the Ram is the fit and finish. I've had trouble with door seals, rattles and a poorly opening center console. 
I love this truck. It has great get up and go. I have towed with the truck multiple times, never a problem.
Well this truck is just outstanding. With its 8,500 lbs in towing copacity it will easily cary my 4,600 trailer camper, and our 2,200 lb boat. It has room for all 5 of us with room to spare with its six passanger seating arangement. A real big look too. My neighbor said it looked like a little Mack truck. With a few accessories this will be a truck that turns heads, and hauls like a Ram. The short turning radius has even my wife happy. Thank you Dodge
I love the look of the Dodge Ram 1500 Hemi. It has that man's man truck look and the power to back that look. Match that with the massive 20" chrome wheels and the truck has that "Git-outa-my-way" attitude that the competition works hard to protray,but never achieves.
Hard miles with the minimum maintenence has stuck me on the Dodge truck. I purchased a used Dakota with 150k miles and sold it two years later with 214k before buying my Ram 1500. I was hoping that the Dakota wasnt a fluke because you know sometimes it just depends who was working the factory that Monday when you get those trucks that just keep on going. But my 1500 has not dissapointed yet, I've put a hard 52k in one year and it runs like it just finally got broke in.
Looks, power, comfort. This is a great truck. I love the navigation, heated seats, and the Hemi! I would hate to live without the Bluetooth feature. It is a must have. Power is always on tap, and the truck is very smooth on the interstate.
 Have had three new style Dodge Ram 1500s. O2 O4 and my new '07 Amazing truck. Never had a problem with any of them. I pull a 9000lb car trailer. Truck is amazing, tons of power without initial expense of a Cummins Diesel. I call it my huge sports car. Handles like a dream, great styling. Huge interior (I need every inch of it, so if anyone would know its me..lol). New features such as remote start, sun roof, lane change signal flash, power delay relay after engine shut off are wonderful additions. People can't believe such a big truck can be so fast. Build quality superb.Nice fit and finish. Totally happy. Will buy another!
I have been out of trucks for 10 years but found this one to be an excellent value. I really liked the design and feel when I drove it so I bought it as a way of getting back into trucks. It may seem like a base model in price but it definitely has the look and feel of a much bigger truck. Excellent value in a new truck.
This truck represents the best in the automotive world. The handling and towing is far superior to anyother truck on the market. Believe me I've owned all three of the major domestic brands. Also, the resale price was very suprising compared to the Chevy and the Ford.
I have owned 2 Ford F-150's and have nothing negative to report about them. However, I didn't know owning a truck could be so grand until I purchased my new Ram 1500. The difference in power is amazing. I barely touch the accelerator and the Hemi can throw you in the back of your seat. Styling? I get looks all the time! I highly recommend the Dodge product - the truck represents raw, rugged power. And isn't that why you want a truck? I just got this truck and already looking forward to my next Ram (the Mega Cab!) in a couple of years, if things work out anyway. Go get the Dodge Ram - you will be very happy you did.
This is the 7th Ram that I have purchased since 1993. This is the strongest of the bunch with a responsive Hemi and the 20" wheels. All of the turcks have been reliable and ready to work. The '04 and '07 trucks have the Hemi and driving the truck 20000 miles a year has never been so fun. Just need to find a cab larger than the quad and not as cumbersome as the mega.
I love this truck. It's the most comfortable truck I've ever owned. It's huge and parking at times can be a challenge. But I get noticed.The only bad thing is fuel economy. But you must expect that in a vehicle this big. It's very well built, no rattling or annoying noises.The radio has great sound. The truck has exellent vision. Mirrors are large and well placed. I highly recomend this truck! This is a man's truck.
So far I am very impressed with this truck. I have the 5.7 litre Hemi, Edmunds doesn't list that engine size for the regular cab trucks. My dad has a Chevy w/ a tonneau cover and gets 20 MPG highway with it on and 17 MPG with it off, my truck without one gets 19 MPG, I'm looking to invest in one to see how good I can get. Tons of power and torque. I love this truck!
I would suggest to every man, that is a true man, get the 5.7L Hemi! Awesome power. With a cold air intake, throttle body spacer, true dual exhaust with Flowmaster muffler and a power chip the truck is hard to handle. Pushing around 440hp. Ford and Chevy haven't got anything on that hemi.
The 6.7L diesel has major problems. The engine clogs. I have had the truck contantly into the shop. Dodge does not have parts available and does not seem to have a fix designed. The engine parts need to be replaced or cleaned constantly. The fuel economy and power drop with each trip to the dealer. I seriously recommend NOT buying a Dodge with this engine. I paln to try to get different truck via the lemon laws in our state. The truck has been in the shop for the same problem over and over and is going in again soon.
I have owned this truck for 16 months. Overall it has been a decent truck. The truck has been back to the dealer 3-4 times for emission problems. I feel this is an ongoing issue that may never be resolved on the truck.I use the truck to drive to and from work and to pull trailers on the week-ends.The truck works great for that.
I have had my 2007 Dodge 3500 6.7 for a year and 12000 miles and love it. You need to drive these things like you are borrowing them ie. get on them! Helps to keep them clean, and is a lot of fun. Don't just drive them in town. I pull a 5th wheel rv with great ease and get 14mpg doing it, and 17-20 without it.
I have owned my Ram for 15 months and have had to bring it to the shop a few times, but the dealership took care of it. I love this truck, tons of power, but marginal fuel economy. Avg 17mpg. I put a leveling kit and some beefier tires and with this winter weather in Washington I have been able to drive anywhere. We take long road trips every chance we get and our Cummins continues to purr. I love it
This vehicle is a the worst reliable truck I ever owned. It has been in the repair shop 8 Times with emissions problems, 1-rear end, and 1 front wheel hub. It appears these diesels made after Jan 2007 are a enviromental emissions nightmare and have to be serviced every 1,000 miles or they plug up the converter, egr valve, and egr cooler. They charge from $350-$1000 each time, I understand the 2008's have the same problem.
We have not had very good luck with our 2007 6.7 cummins. We have had a lot of trouble from the particle filter. With my experience with diesels if it doesn't smoke something is wrong. Cannot make this truck smoke. Every 12,000 miles we have to have the particle filters cleaned. They say it is impossible to put a aftermarket chip in it. What you buy is what you get. Hope things level out on repairs.
I spec'd this out for my husband after extensive research. We have a small hot shot business and needed a powerful, yet reliable truck to pull goose neck flatbed trailers. The 6.7 L Cummins was the big draw. I did order the truck with some aesthetic touches that made it easy on the eye and set up good for long drives. We had the problem with the emission light coming on frequently, but that is resolved now. Pulls loads up to 9000 lbs without even knowing it is back there, including through the mountains of VA. In LOVE with the truck and it draws gawkers everywhere my husband goes to deliver loads. Other than the fuel mileage, it is AWESOME.
2007 Mega SLT 4x4 Diesel 2500 If you want luxury and comfort this might not be your truck, buy a Chevy LTZ. If you want reliability and performance this is it. I have driven them all numerous times. Ford is ok, Chevy is alright, Toyota is nice and Nissan is downright awful. The new Ford Diesel might be the answer they have been looking for, time will tell. Chevy has the tranny but the diesel is marginal. Toyota and Nissan do not offer a diesel. I will drive this truck for 200,000 miles to break it in and then go for another 400,000 before I start to even think about an engine problem. Towing is a breeze and the engine brake or "Jake Brake" is a huge plus. 6 speed auto tranny is great.
I never owned a truck, but when I came back from Colorado I had to get one. I drove Fords and Chevrolets in Colorado for the company and all were quad cabs and extended cabs. I saw my crew's face after the hour and a half drive and they were not happy, from Meeker CO. to Grand Junction CO. I wouldn't be either! I returned last month with "The Big Red Truck" and I now have a crew of musky, dirty, well worked men who argue to take turns to ride in the cab. The truck drives like a charm. I couldn't see myself in a Ford, Chevy, or some foreign made truck, yet I wonder what would happen if I married my 6.7 Cummins to an Allison Transmission? More POWER?
I have owned my dodge {3500} for for nearly a year and love the truck. I had three Chevy's and one GMC prior, the power and performance were no where near comparable. I own a business in the construction industry and average 15 to 20 mpg depending on its use, I have pulled small excavators to loads of gravel and the cummins has pulled like a champ all the way. I have find it great on the highway, but rough very rough on gravel roads. I have had to replace the back window for leakage problems. visibility and maneuverability are ten out of ten compared with any truck I've ever driven. 
I HATE this truck!! It has been in the shop more than in my driveway. Everything that could go wrong, has. I had a Chevy before, and my husband wanted a Dodge because the 6.7L Cummings diesel is supposed to be the best. I can't wait to get ride of this disaster and buy another Chevy. This truck is a Lemon!!
I am a small business owner and I use the truck to haul a fuel transfer tank and tool box. I am pleased with the power of the Cummins. There is no noticeable loss in whether empty or loaded. My problem is the build quality. This truck is just over one year old an it has been in the shop more than my Chevy that has over 130,000 miles. They have replaced the rear diff. seal, the rear window, the main computer, and now my check engine light is on. All this on a vehicle with less than 32,000 miles. It becomes a hassle trying to run a small business when you cannot use your truck. I should have listened to my wife and bought a CHEVY!!! 
My third Dodge truck. Loved each one with not one problem with any of them. Needed a truck to tow 5th wheel over mountains in Colorado and couldn't find any negative reports on Cummins diesel. Had it two weeks only and love it. Drives great and is very quite.
I bought the truck to tow a 6,000 lb travel trailer with room to upgrade to something heavier. Our first outing netted 13 mpg at the California mandated 55 mph towing speed limit. It achieves about 22 mpg sans trailer. The driver's door shudders on bumpy roads and is poorly sealed. The transmission shifts down quite hard when coming to a stop. Cruise controls are very awkward. Very rough riding. Love the Cummins 6.7 liter. It has yet to shift down out of 6th gear on cruise control. We now have 1500 miles on it and look forward to thousands more. 
I bought this truck because I wanted the durability of the Cummins 6.7L diesel. I travel a fair amount and the truck is very comfortable on the road. Fuel mileage has increased as I get closer to 10,000 miles. I average around 20mpg on the highway but down to 14.5 mpg in the city. I haven't had any problems with the truck except for the check engine light coming on and going off about every week or so. This is a big truck so can be a bit tight parkingin a shopping center lot but not unmanageable. Very comfortable on the road and really fun to drive
OK, I bought the left over 07, loaded, great price, rebates, so I paid less than I would have for a 08 1500 gasser. The fuel economy is fantastic! The engine will not even be broken it until about 10K miles and I am getting 20 on the highway and 16 around town! Power is fantastic, handling is tight and sure. I have the TRX4 package and the truck rides better than my 00 Durango! If you want a "real" truck..buy the 2500HD with the cummins!
I bought my truck new about a year ago. I opted for the proven 5.9L Cummins and automatic transmission. Power is awesome and fuel mileage is great considering the size and weight of the truck. I average about 20 MPG mixed driving. The heaviest load I ever pulled was about 6000 LBS; you don't even know it is back there. I am 6'2" and love the roomy interior. Seats were comfortable on a 1100 mile trip. This is my fifth Dodge Ram and the second with a Cummins. Before I bought this one I test drove a Duramax. No comparison!
I recently purchased my 2007 Ram Quad Cab 4x4 with the new 6.7 Cummins. Wow what a powerful machine. The 325hp is apparent when you hammer the throttle. Mileage wise not to bad either 15/18 only 4,000 miles on it so should get better as it breaks in. Comfortable seats but agree with other reviews that the material is a little soft. See over time how it wears.
This is my 4th brand new ram since 2000. The cummins is deffinetly the best of all diesels. It's proven itself several times with its towing, fuel economy and dependibilty. Not to fond of the new look of both the interior and exterior. The tires completely kill the look of the truck. My last ram was a Hemi sport and it definetly killed me having to upgrade to a pickup that doesn't look very appealing. Need to have a sport option and a darker color interior. 
After extensive analysis and research I opted to buy one of the last new 5.9 Cummins diesels. What a truck! It is like piloting a freight train. The power is truly awesome. We took the truck on a 1,400 mile trip and got 19 mpg going 75+ with the A/C on. It is very high off the ground. Side steps may be mandatory for some folks. The range on a tank of fuel is amazaing as well - over 600 miles. Got the "Big Horn" package and like all the "Heavy Duty" features. Of course the Sirius Radio is great and the seats are comfortable. The motor is truly and engineering masterpiece. I am glad I purchased one of the last relatively un- smogged Diesels. I fear the enviro reg's may ruin these.
5.7L Cummings is very powerful, as much power as we'll ever need. Carry a 11ft loaded truck camper, had to add stabilizer, still needs airbags, squishy ride with big load, but still lots of power left in the Cummins. Lots of storage is great, fold down back seat is used frequently, can fit 2 kids and a big dog in the back seat easily. Needs more comfortable seats, no lumbar support and very hard. Tough on long trips, but the mileage with camper loaded is 14 including mountain passes. Empty commuting is getting 20-21 (75% freeway/25% in town). Not sure what it is on road trips w/o camper yet. Electrical system easy to wire to add things, simple. Too tall, need to have a stepstool to get in
The best truck I ever bought (5.9 L Cummins). Fuel economy 18mpg city and nearly 20mpg highway with full cargo in the back after only 500 miles. Suggest filling tires with more air. Anti spin differential a must; body of truck more firm than 2002 model. A bit rougher on a bumpy road than my old 1999 Dodge truck.
Nice truck, love the diesel engine. Body is lighter weight metal compared to my '05. Looks too much like a Mercedes on the dash.
This is the first Chrysler product I have owned and I am surprisingly pleased with the overall quality. The Cummins is very reliable and powerful. Used the plug in heater during the winter and had no problems with cold morning starts. As for traveling, my kids love the space in back. Trips are not a problem anymore. Mind you, this is a huge truck. Compact parking spots are not an option. Yet for the interior room and carrying capacity, I can walk the extra few feet. Entry and exit with the 4x2 is much easier than the 4x4. Although it is a truck, the ride is quite comfortable and the diesel noise is not overbearing. Fantastic buy. I am now hooked on Dodge.
This is my third Dodge Ram, but I am not Dodge loyal. We spend too much money on vehicles to blindly buy one brand over another. I test drove the new Chevy and looked at the Fords. Ford diesel scares me due to the notorious problems, and the Chevy's new interior was undesirable, at least to me. Mine is the 5.9l Diesel, but that was not selectable above. So far I've been on several trips, and the fuel mileage has gone up with every fill up. Currently I am getting 19.5 mpg hwy and 13 mpg city. My commute is only 4 miles with 6 stop lights so my city mileage is absolute worst case scenario. The Cummins is a great add on; resale and reliability of the diesel makes the extra cost worth it.
I feel this truck is solid and very fun to drive. A real head turner. I purchased the truck to be a daily driver and some farm work. I am satified with the fit and finish on delivery as well as the mechanicals. The 6 speed is fun to drive and great on fuel. With short shifting and a lite foot I am consistently at 20-24 cty and 19.5 - 20.1 on the highway. If I lead-foot it is at 18. I am hoping for a longterm ownership and with only 800 miles I am satified. I did have to bring the tires up to 80psi as the dealer had tires at 52 psi. I saw an increase in mileage thereafter. 
Get the Cummins. I get 19 highway, 14 with a slide-in pop top which has a ton of wind resistance. In town I am getting around 13.5. The ride is pretty good. Less choppy with some weight in it though. Nice, simple styling.
I have the '07 2500 Quad Cab SLT 4X4 with the 5.9L Diesel not the new 6.7L. It rides like a 3/4 ton truck but turns like a 1/2 ton. The inside is a truck interior not some amalgam of luxury sedan and big rig. I'm driving on the I-5 daily doing 70- 75MPH as well as Cali stop go traffic and averaging 16.5-17.5 MPG with 500mi on the engine. First tank was 492.2mi for 32 gallons of diesel(34gal tank) and that was with me enjoying the power of the truck, that works out to 15mpg. As the engine breaks in my gas mileage will just get better and that's important in California when gas is $3.30 but diesel is $3.15. For a daily driver I'm pretty happy! 
The biggest selling point of this vehicle for me was the Cummins 5.9 and the transmission that they have paired with this truck. It really felt better than the competition and it's impossible to ignore the reputation of that Cummins engine. It is fun to drive even though the ride is a bit rough on the kidneys if the road is less than perfect. A nice seat cushion with memory foam has really helped that situation. I am averaging 18-21 mpg which is impressive for a big 4X4. The experts say that after reaching 10k miles both power and mileage should improve...sounds great to me. The turbo responds nicely to all driving conditions I have encountered. So far, I have really enjoyed this truck!
It is a shame that we can't pick in the menu above the one with the Cummins. This is the best truck I have ever had. It is also a shame for Toyota on trying to copy the Dodge style (the broad grill and the large headlamp). Overall nobody builds better trucks than DaimlerChrysler
I recently bought a 2007 2500 Dodge truck with a sticker price of $47745. It's a laramie 4x4 diesel quad cab long bed. I can't believe how cheap this truck is built. Most of all the chrome wheels and the chrome front bumper is fake. The Dodge people should be ashamed of how much they charge for these trucks. This truck should cost $10 to 15k less then the fFrd or Chevy trucks. This truck gets12.6 miles per gallon. There is at least 25 to 30 more options that come on the F250 lariet or the 2500hd LT3 for the same price or less. This is my first new Dodge pickup I would never buy another Dodge. Thanks, one very dissatisfied customer. 
Growing up anti-Chrysler, it was hard for me to be objective to shopping for a new truck. The more I compared, the more I liked the Cummins Dodge. As a total package,this is a complete work truck with great motor, function, and fuel economy. 
Overall I love this truck. The interior is nice but very simple, meaning not very many options. Exterior has a huge look which I love because people get out of your way when they see you. I think I would prefer this truck over the competetion due to the reliable Cummins diesel with realy good power. This truck drives like a gas burner and runs like a diesel. I love it
I love the way the interior is set up, and it is comfortable too. It steers and drives great. The only thing I don't like about it is the post beside the frount window is a big blind spot.
I am a 3 time Dodge owner: 97 3500, 04 3500, and now 07 3500 owner. I have never had a less reliable truck. Dodge has really let its committed buyers down. My truck has now been in dealer 12 times within its 1st 60000 miles. Each time for emission system and have been told Dodge is working on the problem. In 2 years since purchasing I thought for sure they would have come up with a fix. Now I cannot even believe they are working on it, just re-repairing vehicles as they come in. They have replaced turbo, numerous filters and reprograms. Fuel economy has dropped considerably. I bought as business vehicle, which has now caused that to suffer. Has been is shop 4 times in last 3 weeks so BEWARE.
I see some people are complaining about fuel milage, I can tell you that I get about 20 hwy and about 16.5 in city. Best truck ever. 
As a 3rd vehicle 'The Beast' doesn't get driven everyday which is good because it is very large and stiff. However the towing is great. Tows like a dream and tons of interior room in the mega cab. Gas mileage is averaging about 2-3 miles less than the Duramax I had previously except when towing then it's a little better. 7 hour highway trip towing to the Florida Keys with a 15,000+ lb load I get 9.5 mpg if held to 60 mph. Around town 11-12 mpg with no load. Added air bags to level the truck when loaded; work great.
This is my frist dodge product. I'm satisfied with everything about this truck except the fuel mileage. Its the 5.9 cummins diesel 6 speed manual. I'm only getting 12 mpg on and off the hwy without a load. My dad gets 16 mpg with a full load of horse"6" in his 03' F-250 power strike. Everyone tells me it'll get better once it breaks in, it only has 29,669 miles on it. It's going to break me before it breaks in. Overall it is a good farm and hwy truck.
I drove one of these truck brand new owned by Chrysler Corp. pulling a show trailer all across America on the Jeep "Go anywhere Do Anything Tour". The trailer I pulled was 50' long, had a show vehicle, show engines, etc..and was extremely heavy. I don't remember the exact weight now. I went through the Appalachians, Rockies, took on headwinds across the deserts, and plains, went through death Valley where the temps. were 115 F plus. This truck did a great job I thought. The fuel mileage considering the load I was pulling was a very acceptable 12 mpg, and about 18 when I was unhooked. I zipped around all the major cities with no problems, Nav system was the best feature for finding ANYTHING! 
I am a transporter of RV trailers. Original truck was a '99 Ford. Engine blew @ 613k. Purchased Dodge only because of the Cummins engine. Mistake. Should have replaced the engine in the Ford. When you spend 8 to 10 hours a day behind the wheel you need comfort and predictability of functions. Remove speed sensor from the wipers. Cancel cruise when the brake pedal is touched. Turn off stop lights when driver removes foot from brake pedal (to release trailer brakes especially when on ice) Heater controls and flash to pass need more feel. I have had problems with the new emissions. Been to the dealer 13 times for a sensor on the DPF. 
Great truck except for the fuel mileage and the hesitation in engine between gear shifts its a 6 speed manual. My old 2001 Dodge got 21-22 mph
My first RAM was a 1990 W250 4x4, later traded for new 2002, new 2004, and now 2007. I haul a 12 foot 3500 pound slide in camper and tow 18 foot FLW bassboat. The fuel economy and power was unbelievably fantastic! Running empty 24 MPG. I tracked my MPG using a spreadsheet on my computers. I tracked my fishing holes, too! Fully loaded the camper was 3500 pounds sittin in the bed and the Bassboat was 6000 tow weigh. At 65 MPH I did between 20.5 and 21.7 MPG. The 2007 has been a big disappointment. My last long haul we averaged 8.8 MPG and running empty 14.6. When you hit a head wind out west you can expect a filter light on the pollution systems. All that power of the 6.7L and I couldn't use!
80,000 miles in 6 months overall truck does the job but the 6.7 engine has been nothing but problem after problem. The new emissions particular filter has clogged 2 times within 2000 miles shutting down truck and having to get towed. Overall truck is a great truck except for the emission on the 6.7 engine. Roadside assisstance program needs some serious improvement. Let me down 3 times.
I have been with Ford for many years but have always been a fan of I6 engine design over V8 diesels. So I decided to give Dodge a chance. So far I am very pleased with the entire vehicle. Very quiet and ride is good considering it's a one ton, great power (6.7 Cummins), smooth trans., 3.73 and 6-speed seems to be a great combination. Lots of low end grunt and a nice flat torque curve..650@1500 to 2800. Build quality is very good. I live on a dirt (washboard) road and no rattles..amazing. Exterior paint and finish are excellent. Dollar value I feel was best compaired to Chevy/GM and Ford. I would recommend anyone to test drive before buying any other make.
Purchased 07/5.9 cummins in 05/25/07. Quad cab Big Horn 4x with 6 speed. Power great, good mileage in breaking 18/23 mpg. But build quality is something that lacks desire. Oil pan bolts fell out,turbo lines leaked, two radios, new dashboard and who knows what is next. Truck spent 15 days of first 45 of ownership in dealership. I've owned Chevy Duramax first generation, no problems, not one. Bought the Dodge for all the good things I've heard about it. I'm disappointed. My selling dealership has been great with service, but driving 800 miles to get it fixed isn't fun. I like the mileage from this motor over the duramax, but would go back to GM ASAP. Beware of what your buying and enjoy.
Dodge pulled all of the stops with this truck, sexy looks, all the power you can ever need. Massive interior, best stock stereo in the business. Opted for the single rear wheels, new 6.7 cummins is an animal. Smooth ride for a 1 ton truck. Nav with 6 disc changer and infinity speakers, bucket seats, 6 speed auto. Traded GMC 2500 and this truck rides ten times better. 16000 pound towing and I still get 18 - 20 mpg on the highway. 
I traded in a 1997 Chevy 3500 Dually for this truck, what a difference. This truck has better fuel mileage, better power, and of course better looks. I'm 6'3" and have no problem sitting in the back seat that reclines. 
This has been a great truck. The 2nd one I have owned. The only concern I have is the transfer to ULSD from the diesel we now use.
I purchased my Edge 1/09. I got it used with about 31k miles on it. The only problem with it was a noise coming from the gas tank. Once I let the dealership know, they took care of it free of charge to me. They said that it was the mechanism that keeps us from hearing the gasoline moving back and forth in the tank. Mine was loose and making lots of noise. No problems now!!! I travel to New York about twice a month and this is one sturdy and comfortable ride. The back seats recline some and the front seats are just wonderful. There is ample space in the back for luggage. Other than the gas tank issue, this has been a great experience thus far!
My Edge has stalled on me several times usually @ stop lights and the Dealer can't find anything wrong with it.Does anybody have the same problem? The tires are very noisy (Hancook)and I had a rear bearing replaced already.
This is the first U.S car that I have owned that equals Honda in quality. It is a safe car, with good handling and a good ride. 
Nav is kinda lousy. The rear dvd is awesome. Heated seats are insanly awesome. Love toasty buns. Motors right along. Looks better with 20's.
I received my Edge in May 2007. Vehicle was great until January 2008, when it started leaking transmission fluid. Brought to the dealership they told me nothing was leaking. I had to ride with windows down in January in Maine. They replaced seals in the differtial many times. The transmission has been replaced. Still leaking. Ford rep finally looked a the vehicle and they are replacing everything again. If this doesn't work they say they will buy the vehicle back. The vista roof also stuck open in a rain storm. Not fun!! The dealership had the vehicle for three weeks, during the repair they dented the roof, drivers door, and scrathed the doors on the inside. Dealership not helpful 
The oil is constantly leaking have had the car in the shop multiple times, they can never find it or say that it doesn't need to be filled all the way for the transmission, then my panoramic sun roof exploded/shattered over my head one night driving down the road, nothing hit it and there were no other cars/trees, just shattered, scared me to death. Shock on right side leaking, smoking, fixed, not fixed, lost part, not the right part, what other excuse could Ford give. This is my first and last Ford, oh and the paint has bubbled on the drivers side door and the door lock on that side will never unlock with automatic unlock and they say it needs oil, ha that doesn't work either
This vehicle shows the direction Ford is going. Better interiors, high quality and still amazing performance. This makes it a winner. I think any Dad would love this as a very safe, fun and versicle package. This car received the highest score for safety. Believe me once someone hits you and you are in a car accident you will check this every time before making a decision on a car for you and you family. Safest CUV available. I think any young or fun couple with love to have this in their garage.
I bought an SEL+ in Creme Brulee, loaded with all the options including the panorama roof and navigation system. I traded in a 2004 Explorer Eddie Bauer V8 for the Edge. Compared to the Explorer I like the ride, lower step in height, better mileage, and roomy back seat. On the downside the interior of the Edge is a sea of hard plastic and poorly styled interior elements; compare the front interior door panel of the Edge to a Saturn Outlook and you will see what I mean. The interior is way to cheap and cold feeling for a $35,000 car. The navigation system is good, but not great. 
My Edge is currently being serviced for it's fourth transmission seal and second PTU Assembly. Soon after purchase the interior began to rattle and reveal the cheap material and poor workmanship. The brakes perform poorly and the car continues to pull to the left for no reason. The dealer and Ford offer no support except to tell me the transmission problems are a known Edge defect. AWD is great in the winter, it's quiet, and the engine is powerful. Average 18 mpg. When not in the garage it's a fun car to drive.
december 18th 2008 I purchased a 2007 ford edge. i have enormous problem with the transmission
What a difference from my orginal 06 Ford Escape Hybrid to a 07 Ford Edge, Ride is excellent and power is great, could have tuned engine better for better gas mileage, but I will give up the 3 or 4 miles over my Escape, Hybrid. With the Edge I will have the A/C always on, with the Hybrid you loose the A/C on Hybrid mode, Beware. Towing was real easy and with the all wheel drive a breeze with getting the boat out of the water. Styling has got allot of eyes looking at it and saying what is that and when I say a Ford, they say no way with that style. I would suggest test driving and seeing for yourself. 
We have had our Edge for about a month now and are very pleased with the purchase. A couple of recommendations to Ford though: 1) the rear hatch needs to be power operated, 2) improve the vents on the driver's side, air seems to hit the steering wheel and doesn't cool the drive well. Initial quality has been outstanding. Built solid and has low road noise. Doesn't sit too high for my 5'2" wife to get in and out of, but is good hight for visibility. Gas mileage is fair, but we knew it wouldn't be great with the powerful 3.5L V-6.
I purchased this vehicle in June with high hopes, I'm over 6ft. After living with the vehicle I am sadly disappointed in its comfort. If your over I say 5'10 you need not apply. The seat bottom cushions are far to short to offer support for longer legs. The footwell for the driver is short on space also, making driving very uncomfortable and your only relief is when you go to cruise control on a hwy. Despite the suspect claims of good gas mileage from other reviewers the gas mileage stinks, only 18 for a 6cyl. is absurd. An Expedition gets as good. I was only getting 10 at first. I'm light footed on the gas so I dont hotdog. Im looking for a new vehicle. 
I like the way this car handles, rides and looks. Great for someone like me commuting in from the Burbs every day.
Bought mine a month ago, and I love this car more and more every day. I have had no problems. It drives well, feels tight, great looking exterior, and tasteful interior with buttons in all the right places. This is my second Ford, but won't be my last. 
Traded in my 2002 Dodge Ram 1500 for the Ford Edge. Love the looks and style and do not miss my truck like I thought I would. Has a large cargo area and very fun to drive. Not to mention the better gas mileage. I was getting an average of 15 mpg with my dodge ram and according to the digital read-out on my new edge it says avg. 33 mp! So I am assuming I am getting an average of 33 mpg with it, but then again I have only put 233 miles on it. Handles great in the mountains, going up the hills. Very roomy interior and love all the cup holders. The lever to tilt the steering wheel is a little tough to operate, keep hitting my hairclip on the headrest and the speedometer gauge is hard to see.
All in all I think that Ford did a great job with the Edge. With modern styling and a practical design, this car really is the perfect mix between a car and an SUV. I had a 2003 Ford Explorer and it drives just like it. The best part is that I didn't have to give up a lot of space. It's a great family car and the safety features that come standard are above and beyond what you'll find in most vehicles in it's class. I am really pleased with my purchase and am so glad that Ford came out with a youthful version of a practical family sadan/sport utility vehicle mix. I can tote my kids around and not be embarrassed to drive it when going out with my friends. It's the best of both worlds! 
I bought the SEL Plus and traded my 2003 Expedition. We found that the space inside the Edge is a lot more than you think. We travel regularly with 4 pets and it works great for us. The styling is nice, hard to believe it's a Ford! With all the incentives, 0% financing, you have to consider this over the Acura MDX for 47k. You'll save a ton of money and be happy with your new car too! The moonroof is amazing, good powerful engine, nice sight out the large front window and a huge amount of back seat room for adults to sit. We just drove it 600 miles and got about 21 mpg with it loaded down, including stops and traffic. To me that's all you can ask for.
I bought my Edge in Feb. 2007. Bought it without a second thought or test drive. One look and I was sold. Love, love, love the Edge. I get many compliments on it and its a real head turner driving down the road. Ford you really did it for me this time. Have almost 6,000 miles and no complaints and don't anticipate any either. I have been a Ford buyer for more than 25 years and have yet to be disappointed in anything I have gotten from Ford. I am an American and drive an American icon and couldn't be more proud. Quality is superb, I have never questioned the quality of American cars. Ford will always be #1 for me. 
If you are looking for a family vehicle but don't want a minivan or full size SUV, Edge is it. I've read all the reviews from major publications to googling Ford Edge reviews. Only real knock I can find are the brakes, its 60-0 stop is lackluster, Ford, please address. All around, engine is stellar, 6-speed auto performs well, handling nice feel but not ultra sporty, ride quality the same, blend of comfort not to squishy (Buick Like) but not Mazda like either. Test drove all others, came down to CX-7 and Edge. Wanted the CX-7 to be the winner but Edge had more room, easier access to rear seats, ie, car seats, just more practical day to day. Crash test ratings can?t be beat.
I only have a few miles on the Edge, but it's easy to see it's a winner. I came back to Ford after a Chrysler van, and am happy I did. The van was a nice car, but the Edge is easier to drive, easier to enter and exit, easier to park, and has much better handling. It also has much better seats and better ergonomics everywhere. The styling is uncluttered; the car looks ultra modern both in an out. The expansive sunroof is a great feature. Multiple airbags everywhere make safety a strong suit as well. It's not perfect, but it's way up there in its class. I did a detailed comparison, and the Edge won over the SanteFe, the VeraCruz, the Murano, the Pacifica, the Highlander, and the Pilot.
We have only had the Edge for 3 weeks and 1200 clicks but so far we are very impressed. The handling, comfort and ride is excellent. I don't think we could of picked a better all around driver.
Spent 3 months looking for CUV. Tried the Edge, CRV, RAV4, Pilot, Outlander, VUE, CX-7, & CX-9. Came down to the CX- 7 & the Edge. After driving them back to back, the Edge came out on top. Not as "sporty", but V-6 feels stronger than the Turbo 4 & burns regular. Vista Roof is incredible. It's like having a convertible CUV. Nav & Sound system are great, along with SIRIUS. Got Black/Black with the 18" chrome wheels...fantastic looking vehicle just adds to great driving experience. Contrary to a magazine review I read, brakes work very well. I may even buy a few shares of Ford stock - the Edge is that good. Great follow-up to the Fusion/Milan/MKZ. Proves they can build best-in-class autos.
I have owned this vehicle for two weeks and, so far, I love it. I had a Volvo XC70 and I prefer the Edge over the Volvo. The overall feel of quality is remarkable. This vehicle is smoother, quieter, and faster than the Volvo and has more room inside. The motor revs freely and pulls hard from a stop, with the help of the close ratio 6-speed automatic.
Got 1400 miles so far, took on 800 mile trip, great ride,very quiet on the road. A little disappointed in the fuel mileage, 21 tops on road.
My biggest gripe about my Edge is the interior! Bland to say the least! However, I have been very pleasantly surprised at the gas mileage so far. I have been getting over 19.5 MPG. I have owned many Fords in the past, most of them sedans, although I did own a full sized Ford Bronco. The Edge is fun to drive and handles the mountain roads around my neck of the woods very well. 
I have only had this vehicle for about a week and I am loving it already. I had an Expedition and after filling it up for the second time that week at $85 a pop I decided to look at something smaller. I thought I would miss the space of the Expedition but I really do enjoy driving the Edge. 
I have had my EDGE about 10 days. When applying the brakes, it sounds like metal-on-metal, just like I have gone too long without changing pads, and am now riding on bare metal shoes. The dashboard lights are very dim, no matter how far I turn the dial up. I'm a big guy and that isn't the Edge's fault , but short trips are better on my left knee that is jammed against the side door. Right knee is okay. I drive alone, so there are no passenger complaints. Gas mileage averages about 27MPG so far which is better than I thought. Will have to readjust headlight beam throw as the length of lighting comes up short, high beams superb!
This is the perfect family vehicle. It has impressive performance, handling, style and room inside. My Edge performs better than anything in it's class, gets great mileage and is solid. V-6 is Ward's Auto 10 Best Engine. Large 2nd row seat with ample cargo room. AWD makes it even more stabile in the winter. 
I've had my Edge for two months now. My bigest problem has been with the paint. The paint has dirt in it or small defects in it. Ford motor Co has agreed to repaint the whole vehicle for me. I should have it back in another week. If the paint job is perfect then I'll will be toatlly happy with my new Edge. 
I had high hopes for my new 2007 Ford Edge. I really like it and it is fun to drive and I think it is very pretty. My dissipointment though is the irritating whine coming from the engine area when giving it the gas off and on. Took it to two different dealers and they compaired it to other Ford Edges and stated they all made that whine. That should not be like that 
I must say I am so pleased and impressed with my Edge. This is the first American vehicle that I have liked in a long time. I am a former Acura driver and although I loved my TL I was not impressed with there SUV. The Edge design caught my eye and after test driving it I was sold. It has been a real head turner and people ask me about it all the time.
I traded in a gas guzzling F-150 for the new Edge and couldn't be happier. I'm getting about 50% better gas mileage in town (13 vs. 19mpg) which should improve as the engine gets worn in a little more. I also own a Chrysler Pacifica (which we love) but this vehicle is more fun to drive and has better acceleration. I have just over 1000 miles on it now and can't find anything I don't like about it. I find myself having to gingerly press the gas pedal or I will be going 70 in the city before I know it. Got it with the Nav system and can now say it was worth the extra cost, especially since it becomes a central control center for the other audio/video systems
My wife and I trade in a 2006 Nissan Murano for the new Edge and have never looked back. The quality of ride and noise reduction are much greater. Then add 2.5 mpg improvement and the fact we don't need to put in Premium, I figure we'll save two lease payments a year in gas. The Egde has gotten noticed too. Our neighbors who currently have an '05 Murano are now looking at going to the Edge once their lease is up.
This is the first time I have purchased a crossover/SUV type vehicle. I searched and researched for weeks. While the Ford Edge did not have the best reviews, I loved the test drive of the vehicle. It had a look and feel that was awesome. It is bigger than I wanted. My husband "allowed" me free will in my car buying this go around. He felt I made a good choice, so kudos for me. It is very roomy, my husband is 6'3 and he has no issues with is fit. With two boys, we will need the room. The nostalgia of the Ford name also made a difference for me also. I am enjoying the vehicle and attention the it is getting me. Everyone asks me what is it! The public loves the look and I love my Ford Edge! 
Bought a basic SE with every option available, including towing package. Fun to drive, received favorable comments from everyone on exterior. Light Sage CC metallic exterior is perfect color and everyone I show likes it. My 1994 Ford Explorer road like a truck. This rides like a car or mini van.
I have owned at least 10 Fords, but this is the best.. Absolutely love the Edge. Comfortable, convenient, sporty, fun. Can't say enough. Beats the Expedition and Escape by a mile....pun intended!
So far, I am liking my new Edge. A little dissappointed with the gas mileage, but maybe it needs a break in. It is a very quiet smooth ride. There are so many nice options that i liked about it. The audiophile radio is awesome. Love the sun roof!! The airconditioning is not as strong as my Maxima was. I wish it had an outdoor temp gauge. The back hatch is quite heavy to pull down. But I am very pleased overall with the car!
I'm at just under 2000 miles and loving every minute. This is a great car. I suggest driving one and not taking some of the so called experts advice. 
This vehicle is one of the nicest 'Utility' vehicles that I've ever driven. It has a quiet and comfortable interior, and the suite of luxo-goodies doesn't hurt. The engine delivers power smoothly when requested. Handling is good and adds to the fun-factor, but the Edge is no sports car. It is heavy and, although the Edge maintains control, you feel that weight when you push the limits. Overall, a pleasure to drive. I appreciate its just-right size when compared to the larger boats like the GMC Acadia. With 800+ miles on mine, Mileage is OK at 19 MPG.
I have had the Edge for about a month, and I cannot find anything I do not like about it. Comfortable, responsive, smooth and very stylish. I work in the auto business, and sell the Land Rover product, but this is all of the Land Rover LR2, and more. Fuel economy is running at 18 MPG for local driving. I lease the Edge for 24 months, and the payment is excellent. 
The Edge is awesome looking on the outside but is very lacking on the interior. The interior materials are cheesy plastic and really need to be upgraded. This is a heavy truck and needs a more powerful engine. Around town it is great but highway aceleration is poor. The sound system stinks and needs an upgrade. I already miss the monsoon system I had in my VW. Ford needs to think about adding the little touches that will make this ride a true standout, automatic open and close lift gate, keyless entry and start, sensors on the front which alert you to cars in front of you. Pretty much take all of the features found in the VW Toureg and put them in the Edge. 
After driving my new toy about 1800 miles, I am loving it. It looks great inside and out. Now, we are trading my wife's Expedition in next week for a second Edge. It feels safe and sturdy.
Traded in a 2004 Ford Escape. The refinement, power and overal feel is leaps and bounds better than our trade in. So far we are in love with just about everything with this vehicle.
I am so happy with it. The Edge is just so much fun to drive. I'm not real sure about the gas mileage because I'm still on my first tank of gas but I was previously driving a Windstar so I can only believe it will be about the same or better! I love the power that the Edge has. The body style is absolutely gorgeous! My Edge is the Creme Brulee color - it looks very classy. 
We drove the Murano before deciding on the Egde. Murano CVT simply could not decide what to do with itself - very annoying. The Edge does everything very well and it is screwed together like nothing else we drove. Good vision, comfortable for driver and passengers, fully featured and it gets a lot of admiring looks. Maybe there is hope for the American car industry after all.
Headed down to my Ford garage to buy my third Explorer, but really didn't want to face another 5 years of sub 20 MPG at $4.00 per gallon. Dealer suggested trying the new Edge. After trial, bought one. I have owned it for about one month and I like it. It is the only vehicle I have ever owned that people on the street turn and look at. My neighbors all came over to see the car that can drive on the edge of buildings. Haven't tried that yet. The suspension is much softer than the Explorer and other truck-based vehicles. This will take a while to get used to. I am hoping for average mileage North of 20 MPG. Too soon to tell.
Beautiful to look at and beautiful to drive. Pewter AWD SEL-plus heavily loaded is everything I hoped for. Smooth power, smooth handling. We'll see how it stands up to my heavy foot, but initial indicators are all good. Except for sunroof, which rattles in the open position.
Ford did a great job with this vehicle. I am always getting compliments on the sleek look. The ride is comfortable and quiet even on the highway. The panoramic roof is awesome and one button fold down rear seats are a very convenient feature. I love everything about my Edge!
After waiting 4 weeks for our Edge to come, we are totally thrilled by the ride, comfort, and the powerful V6. Ford, job well done!
I traded in a 2006 Fusion SEL V-6 to get the Edge. The Edge has the engine ride and style that I wanted. There is the room I need with a child and a dog. Great looks, people stop me in parking lots to ask about it and look inside. They say it looks like a Lexus. All in all it is just what we need and want in a CUV. Also it's very fun to drive! I knew I would miss the Fusion but the Edge fills the bill and than some!
It's a dream car. It does everything I could want in a car. I have already taken it in a wide variety of conditions (all but snow) and it has been great in all of them. I highly recommend this car and think Ford made a great vehicle! I have only had it for 6 weeks/2000 miles, but there is not an issue with it so far. I enjoy every drive I have with my Edge and cant wait to take it home again tonight.
Bought in Feb '07 and have found it to be a great vehicle, fun to drive, and very roomy. Ford all around did a nice job for a 1st year vehicle and entrance into a new market. Looked at Toyota Highlander and Saturn Outlook. Even looked at a couple of vans and went with the Edge. Mileage is OK. I'm now getting 17.3 around town but you have to let the mileage calculation span over a couple of tanks of gas to get a more accurate reading. I would definetely recommend seriously considering it if you're in the market for new vehicle.
I love it! The gas mileage is right where I need it. The style makes me feel young but the amount of space inside allows my kids to comfortably be transported from game to game with friends.
Don't believe me do you? Most people don't know that Ford owns Range Rover. Many times I rode in my friend'd $80k Rover and salivated. Then I drove the Edge and oh my gosh! I felt right back in the Rover. Same wheel, stereo, ride, feel, stiffness, and power. It's even faster than a BMW X5. It is also the first Ford to appear prestigious in all manner of profiles. Nav and XM are also perfect, just lacked Bluetooth. Oh, and the entire back seat reclines so far back that Hulk Hogan could side cross his legs. Folding front seat into a table-esque platform makes it a limo, and the center console can conceal an entire laptop. Perfect, just perfect.
After looking at the Honda CRV, the Mazda CX-7, the Pontac Torrent, and the Mercury Mariner, I decided to go drive an Edge. That was all it took. The Mazda had a bit more zip, due to its turbocharger, but really lacked for room inside, and towing capacity was not there. The Edge is much roomier than the Mazda, not as roomy as the CRV. The CRV was a really nice ride, but only had 166HP, and didn't have the zip I wanted, even on the interstate. This vehicle is by far the most fun to drive of any I've ever owned. The only thing I do not like is the headrest is at an angle which is somewhat uncomfortable on long rides, and I think they are a smidge overpriced.
I had been looking at CUV's for some time and then I test drove this car. My drive was mostly on the freeway and I was shocked at the outstanding ride. Bought one on the spot! Have since gone on two short trips and could not be happier! Beautiful exterior topped only by the interior. Vista roof is amazing. Love the 18" chrome wheels. Mileage could be better but this car is by far the best in this class. You owe it to yourself to test drive the Edge and make sure you take it on the freeway as it just glides down the road!
I took an Acadia home overnight and after nearly 150 miles I could tell it was nowhere near the advertised mileage. I drove a similarly equipped Edge and thought for approximately $2K less it was the better of the two vehicles. The transmission is smoother and even though it doesn't shift up and down with the buttons the engine braking feature on O/D lockout is much better than on older Ford vehicles. The vehicle is fun to drive, and has a much more comfortable driving postion over my Honda Pilot, thanks to a more comfortable seat and the telescoping wheel. I was getting over 26 MPG on a trip on the interstate and am getting around 21-22 on the mountainous roads I drive daily to work
Okay, it might be a bit early to jump to such wild assumptions, but I love this vehicle. Not seeing a lot of them yet out here, so I get the "What kind of car is that" question followed by, "no way that is a Ford". So the ego of course is inflated, but driving this thing is where you will fall in love. On ramps with all four wheels pulling are instant smile makers. Stomp the accelerator at 65 and feel yourself pulled back in the seat when the auto tranny smoothly downshifts to 3rd and 5500 rpms and you rocket past that pain hovering at 65 in the left lane. I thought my 525 would always be my favorite driver, but the Edge has made that a distant memory.
I have owned my 2007 Ford Edge for 2 weeks and absolutely LOVE it! Supposedly the first version of the CUV was the 1996 Toyota RAV4, which I traded in for the Edge. People who see me and my new Edge think it's "sexy". I think they are referring to the 6 speed automatic, 265 horsepower, or maybe they are referring to the modern design. Either way, my new Edge is comfortable, stylish, capable and gets 24 mpg!
I was not sure when I first got it, but within a day grew to love to drive it. Seats high and comfortable, Love the larger armrest storage. MPG is a little better than most in its class. Drives great.
Although I've only driven 800 miles, the Edge is a superior automobile to my 2002 Escape. I truly believe that Ford hit a home run.
I love my EDGE. It is fun sporty and elegant all at the same time. Although the gas mileage is not what they say. After 2 months I only get 14 miles to the gallon city but that's still better than most cars today. I would not trade my EDGE for any other crossover in the world. I test drove all other crossovers made, and this one has just that extra EDGE.
I, as many others, was very skeptical about Ford's first real crossover. (Freestyle doesn't really count). I test drove it as well as the GMC Acadia. What it came down to for me was the lease deal. Ford is pushing the Edge pretty hard and the lease interest rate I got was .75%. That pretty much sealed the deal for me. But once I started driving it I was totally blown away. First off, the drive is super smooth and quiet. It's quick and relatively agile. Bottom line... FUN! The interior has some minor lower quality plastics, but the overall quality is very good. The leather seats are very high quality and look and feel terrific. Overall this CUV seems to be a home run!
I have been caught in two snow storms since the purchase of my Edge. I must tell you it handled great! In dry conditions the ride on the highway is very smooth and plush. The feel of a high end luxurious vehicle. 
I wanted an SUV that had the comfort of a nice car and this fit the bill. It's a very smooth ride and ultra quiet at any speed. It handles like a dream in snow with the traction control. The 265 HP engine really accelerates like a sporty car.
We had to wait to get the color and features we wanted but it was worth it. Outside the CSUV is a head turner and the inside has a great balance of usable features, comfort, style and a massive Vista roof. We drove the Nissan and Mazda and they couldn?t compare to the great ride afforded by the Edge. The Edge also beats the others with better all around quality on the exterior and interior. The powerfully matched engine and transmission really sets it apart from the Nissan and the Mazda. Great looks, great performance and a good price. What a fun vehicle to drive. Too bad it?s my wife?s.
This Edge was my first Ford and first SUV. In the past, I?ve owned traditional 4-door cars, unusually foreign made. I don?t think it?s possible for me to express how happy I am with this Edge! The ride is smooth and very comfortable and it has a great 3.5 V6 paired with a smooth 6 speed transmission. I test drove the new 2007 Outlander, which couldn?t hold a candle to this new Edge.
I was very skeptical about buying the edge with all the reviews so I checked for myself. The ride is great, the braking is better than my Explorer :). We've had it for about a month now and couldn't be happier. Everywhere I go people ask we "what is that?" All of my friends want to ride in it.
This car is fun to drive. I use the navigation system constantly with my line of work. Open and airy. I constantly get comments about how nice the car looks. Handles great in the snow. Very fast and sport. Absolutely love this car. I almost bought another Ford Escape but changed my mind at the last minute, now I am glad I did. Great job Ford once again.
I has been a die-hard import car lover. My old car was Toyota Highlander, but didn't like the style and the engine was terrible. My friend recommend to check out the Edge. At first I was hesitant, but as soon as I test drove one, I was very surprised at the fun-to-drive capability and the style. I didn't know Ford has this kind of a car before. I like the huge sunroof (Vistaroof?) and the ample center console. The 2nd row seats are folded just by a touch of a button, which is awesome. Hey, if somebody was like me driving only imports, please check this car out. You'll know what I'm saying.
I looked at cars for > 1 year and I'm glad I waited. Looked at the Edge, Mazda CX-7 & CX-9, and Nissan Murano (and many many more). Nissan and Mazda wouldn't negotiate price. Ford did (two $500 rebates, 3.9% financing, and near invoice price) and that sealed the deal - In my case. Safety features are excellent, ride comfortable, well planted and quiet, with plenty of power. For example, drove at high speed and pushed the pedal, and quickly went higher with easily more to spare. Transmission shifts silky smooth. I never owned a Ford before but am glad I considered them. I recommend that you do the same if you are considering a crossover. I rented an Edge for 3 days before buying.
What a vehicle! Spacious, comfortable, sharp looking, quiet ride, and from early experience it appears to be built well with solid craftsmanship. The Edge is well designed in the cab allowing easy access to the controls and giving each of the passengers ample room and drink storage. The exterior design is certainly a head turner -- especially when you equip the vehicle with the 18" wheels (which come standard on this trim line). My Edge is black with the camel leather interior -- it looks great. So far, the performance of the engine and transmission has been flawless. The 6 speed automatic shifts smoothly and allows me to cruise at high speeds at only 1500- 1700 rpms.
I've been driving a midsize SUV and been waiting for this kind of fuel efficient crossover long time. Test-drove Murano, but heck, it's too overpriced. Finally I test drove an Edge and just I was sold to it. The fuel economy is much better than I expected and the vista roof gives me a huge view to the sky, which is terrific. So nice looking outside and very BIG inside. The inside space is one of my favorites. The gauges and controls are convenient and friendly. V6 and auto go very well together. I love to drive my Edge everyday. It's fun to drive. The trunk space is also very generous and 2nd row seat is big enough for my 6' 5" son. 18" tire is a good idea, too.
A dream to drive, quick response, smooth shifting and braking. 
The braking distance, which has been much discussed, has not been an issue other than that it is longer than my '05 Acura TL or my wife's previous car, a '00 Focus. Exterior design and interior design are spot on, with a surprising amount of legroom in the second row, even for passengers 6'3". As the car is now only 3 weeks old, we have had no reliability issues. The new 3.5L V6 is a little noisy on heavy acceleration from a stop, but very quiet at speed. The vehicle feels planted in the cloverleafs, with minimal body lean and no tire squeal. We cross-shopped this vehicle with the BMW X3, Mazda CX-7, Cadillac SRX, Mitsubishi Outlander, and Toyota Highlander. 
As a life-long Dodge guy, I was apprehensive about my wife's suggestion to check out the new Ford Edge, but I'm glad I did. After months of looking at others, we settled on a fully loaded Edge SEL+. The most striking feature is how it doesn't look like everything else out there. The interior fit and feel was great, and gauges and dials were nicely laid out. The only downside was that it was difficult to locate the exact vehicle we wanted. We were told by the dealership that the hold up was factory caused due to issues with the Vista roof. The Vista roof is highly innovative and well worth the extra money. V-6 engine feels well mated with the smooth 6 speed tranny. Nice vehicle! 
I couldn't wait to get my hands on the new Ford Edge. I had been calling local dealers and it was hard to locate one. I finally bought one and couldn't be happier. The ride is great with little noise from the outside. It handles great and at 55 I finally feel like a kid again. 
We have been shopping for a midsize SUV and have driven the Murano & Mazda CX-7. Both were nice but the Edge was far ahead on quality, ride, appearance and performance. The Edge is a solid ride with 18inch tires that smooths out bumps and noise. It really moves with the 265hp 3.5 ltr engine and it is an exciting vehicle to drive. This is a head turner with plenty of usable features. The Panoramic Vista Roof is awesome. We are looking forward to our first road trip.
I was waiting for the Edge to come out since the lease was up on my 500. I was a little concerned that Ford couldn't seem to get them out of the plant, but I will assume caution was the order of the day and will say I am glad I waited. The interior is church quiet and the ride incredibly smooth. Thanks to the new 6 speed transmission you are at 1900 rpms at 70 mph. Just cruising. The new 3.5 liter engine is very smooth and provides plenty of punch. The leather front seats are nicely styled with contrast stitching and hold you firmly. The ride is excellent. As good as or better than a top notch sedan. The exterior styling is strong and fresh. Ford got this one right. No joke.
I don't know how much I like my Edge. A good look, spacious interior especially after 2nd-row. I don't need a 3rd-row seat, but need a big cargo space which Edge is exactly having. Driving is also very nimble and responsive. I like the 6 speed auto GM co-worked together. I became a celebrity in my sub since I brought my Edge and parked it on my driveway.
I purchased this vehicle in Aug 08. In Dec 08 discovered a leak found out that this would be the 3rd time the seal would be replaced. They replaced the PTU-got back after 8 days. In Jan 09 started leaking worse than before, had to drive with the window down the smell was so bad. Finally got it back yesterday after 17 days. Replaced PTU and axle shaft. To make matter worse the gas mileage is "awful. When I first got it best I got was 14mpg - since it got cold try 8-9mpg. Dealer told me there is bad gas around here. Give me a break! I might as well drive our 97 3/4 ton pickup that usually gets around 10-12. I should have spent the extra money and got the GMC Acadia.
Fell in love with this car the first time I drove it. Unfortunately did not wait for the 2008 model (would have loved to have Sync). Mileage is good for the size; controls are relatively easy; plenty of space for myself and family. Drives well on mountain roads. Mileage averages around 20 mpg with most of my driving done on mountain roads and city streets.
We recently purchased our Edge and couldnt be happier. We are averaging what i feel to be a good mpg of 20+ mpgs with close to 50/50 mixed driving and a wife who has a lead foot. Family feels extremely safe inside our Edge and has more room than they know what to do with. First Ford vehicle either of us has owned and we just might be owning more in the future. Very Happy Ford, Keep up the great work!
Excellent vehicle. Handles and feels very solid. Rides like a Lincoln or a Caddy. I have a family of 4 and there is so much room. As we test drove before purchase I sat in the back seat while the wife drove it...the leg room in the back seats is unbelievable.
I have also had the Power Take-off Unit (PTU) replaced in my vehicle along with metal that was in my transmission, oil leak. Just recently i was on a steep hill and my car drifted ever so slightly backward and the transmission made a horrible sound and the whole car shut off and all my lights came on. I do love the car and its great in the snow but transmission and mechanically it's bad. I never had an issue with other Fords. Just disappointed because it is a beautiful car.
The Edge is so comfortable, great for our family of four. 2 boys, 11 & 14 they need a lot of space to stretch out. My husband is 6'4 and 300 lbs and he's comfy. We got the black paint w/the black leather interior, sweet. Its gorgeous. Love the navagation system, sr, cd player and tons of pre-sets for everything. Heated seats, dual climate controls. Smooth ride. The car handles pretty well, not as tough as I thought in the snow but I didn't get the AWD. There is a button to press for slippery cond's, that does help. Super quiet inside. Great package inside and out. 20,000 miles, cert. pre-owned with 100,000 m warranty. 120 miles on 1/2 a tank, no complaints on gas mileage. 
Vehicle is a lemon. Avoid purchasing. Returned 5 times for ptu unit leak. Oil leak so bad caused engine fire. Back from garage less than a week and leaking again. Transmission needs replacement, shudders and rolls backwards on hills. Rear hatch panels seperated from vehicle- twice before being replaced. Gas miliage not even close to advertised. Worst vehicle I have ever owned (6 prior)
I have had the Ford Edge for two months and it only has 22000 km. It has been in the shop numerous times. The drive shaft, a wheel bearing and parts of the Vista roof have all been replaced. I took it in again because there was an odd woooooo noise at exactly 90 km and 40km. Was told it's "tire noise" ( Continental Cross Contacts) I was driving yesterday and the vehicle just lost power in the middle of traffic. The ABS , powertrain and anti slip lights all came on. A faulty sensor? I now wait for some part to come up from the US. Numerous unexplained noises, poor braking, Ice builds up on the inside of the vista roof. It's terrible in the snow. I want my Escape back!
My Ford Edge is the best car I have owned. On the road, I get between 24 and 27 mpg when driving 65. I have not had one problem since I purchased the car. Ford has improved the quality and reliabilty of their cars. 
If you are looking for a headache of an SUV, do purchase the Ford Edge. I have actually sued Ford and won under the lemon law statutes from this vehicle continually being in the shop multiple occurances. (as of writing this, my Edge has been in the shop a total of 38 days) Six times to get the power door locks to work. I just got the vehicle back out of the shop for a leaking transmission seal for the fifth occurence. They have replaced the transaxle, ptu shaft, changed the seal 5 times. It has lots of rattles. The vista sunroof assembly had to be completely removed and replaced. I should have known better when drving the vehicle home, and the trim falls off on the sunroof.
Fun to drive, great in snow. Only complaints, seat belt hard to attach and the blind spots at both rear corners. Gas mileage could be a little better. 22.5 and 15.5. Overall very happy.
I havn't had one issue with the edge in 18months of driving. I averaged 24.6 mpg according to the cars computer on 1500 mile trip with two people and at least 500 lbs of luggage etc. I have owned 16 new cars and the Edge is the best yet.
The steering, acceleration and braking are quite smooth. But on (rare) occasions when I truly stomp on the gas, there is a loud clunk/jolt from under the hood. Comfortable leather seats. Poor center console - you have to remove the top tray to get to anything toward the bottom. The visibility out the back window is poor between the tint and the elevated head rests. We have the reverse sensor and that has been quite helpful. I am averaging 17.3 mpg which is pretty disappointing. The AC is weak for truly hot days. I have to keep the AC on the coldest setting, with the fan maxed out to keep from sweating. Great legroom. Suspension / road noise are both OK but not great.
Purchased my Edge in February of 2008. One week later someone plowed into the passenger side causing $9500+ in damages. Walked away with no injuries whatsoever. I didn't really feel much at inside the vehicle at all. No signifant body roll considering. Extremely safe. No real complaints except the dealer flashed the computer and I lost some power. Engine noise is a tad loud, but it's am American vehicle - it happens. Traded a loaded 05 Altima (3.5 V6) for my Edge and glad I did. Gets better fuel mileage, believe it or not. Drove from MA to SC fully loaded w/4 adults, a child and a full load of luggage. Gassed up at the first BP we could find and averaged 30- 33 mpg at 70-75 mph. 
I wanted an AWD/4WD vehicle, but was tired of driving a truck. I love the vista roof--the safer alternative to a convertible. I love the acceleration and the ride. The exterior gives it kind of a "mean" appearance and demands a second look from everyone I pass. In different light the Pewter color sometimes looks Silver, baby blue or a pretty pale green. The 18 inch chrome wheels, Pewter paint, and black leather interior have people staring at this car everywhere I go and I've heard nothing but compliments. A recent 2000 mile road trip produced 30mpg at 45, 27 at 55, and 24-25 at 65-70mph. Not bad considering some of this was through the PA mountains. No recalls, rattles or problems.
Have had the vehicle just over a year. Like the space, styling, ride, color (redfire),and handling. Feels great to drive. But a lot of cheap plastic. Unprotected metal seat glides have sharp edges. Seatbelt detectors balatantly visible. From day 1 it has drifted/pulled to the left. Taken in numerous times, told that's just the way it is. Helicopter effect takes some getting used to even with front windows open. Deep console is OK but you need to take everything out to get to the lower layer. Cloth seats seem "utilitarian", like my old cheap truck. Hate dark interiors so I like the stone color. Lincoln's very is overkill. Wonder what a Mercury version would have been like.
We bought our Edge as a true crossover, replacing a '01 Mustang GT and a '00 Xterra. The Edge has lived up to almost all of our expectations (Roominess of Xterra, comfort & power of the 'Stang). Great fuel mileage given the size and power of the car. The seats are wonderfully comfortable and supportive. I would challenge anyone to find another car/crossover/mid-size SUV with better second-row legroom. Value received for priced paid is incredible (again, compare to other crossovers/mid-size SUVs).
Went from midsize car (Chrysler) to the Edge. First impressed with build quality and design. Over time, still not comfortable with the ride height, Ford Flex looks better. Seats are not as comfortable as when first driven. The driver seat adjustment controls leave a lot be desired. The blind spot due to A-Pillar and mirror combination are daunting. Backup warning system is a must when trying to navigate through small dark,rear window. Overall height makes loading the cargo area harder since items need to be lifter higher. Engine is strong, maybe too strong as experienced at full throttle, torque steer is hard to fight. Gas mileage range is 20 city & 26 highway, very good for the size.
There's a mystery clunk in the front end that occurs on almost all Edges the dealer tests - no fix for it yet. Vehicle rattles much more than I expected - on cracked and seamy pavement, over RR tracks - mostly the doors moving around. World's most illegible instruments. Ford should have used the Fusion's instrument faces. Love the power train; it's more manipulable than you'd think. Love the seats. Love the quiet; 1400 rpm at 62 mph! Over 13 years I've found my small-town Ford dealer to be excellent; so good I drive there (about 30 miles) for oil changes! Mine is front-wheel drive. With the right snow tires (Yokohamas)it's more than adequate, saves close to $2000 and improves mileage.
After almost a year with the Edge we went back to a loaded 2007 Town & Country. Gas mileage is the same and the TC is 2X the size inside. The Edge is a great looking SUV but the interior build materials are simply horrible, 1 large flat hard plastic piece after another. And Ford was so cheap they painted many of the plastic interior pieces. Any time you say touch the glove box with a kids school bag or a shoe it puts a nice scratch on it. Our 18" rims were allready replaced after only 1 winter, they were all pitted out. Gas mileage is OK at 18-19 in town and 22-24 HWY, but the huge TC van gets the same. We simply couldn't live with the cheap KIA interior.
Big disappointment fuel mileage is really bad - never topped 18 mpg even on road trips. We have been big Ford fans for a long time but this is most likely my last one. Locked the car at the post office and could not get the driver's door to unlock - had to go to passenger side and reach across to unlock from inside. Materials in cabin have a really cheap feel. Air conditioner will not keep car cool in Texas heat. Give me back my Expedition. I gave up a lot to get 2 more miles out of a gallon of gas.
Bought the Edge last March and have been very happy, with just a couple of exceptions. The gas mileage is horrible. Granted, I live in Tampa and drive in the worst possible traffic, but Ford promised 18-22 MPG and I'm lucky to get 14, and truly blessed to get 15. During the buying process, I turned my nose up at crossovers that avertised less than 18, and here I am getting 14 anyway. Also, I now have to replace my 2nd blinker bulb after 1.5 years. I've never had to change a blinker bulb in my life before, and now this is twice in one year on the same car. Worries me a little on the rest of the quality. Time will tell. 
My wife and I have had this vehicle for almost a year and a half. Not one problem. It's never been back to the dealership. Handles great rides like a car. One the best new vehicles we've owned.
We went from an Explorer to an Edge and oh my gosh we love it. Don''t have to climb up to get in it. Gas is a lot cheaper to fill it up and all so much better on the mileage over all. I would give this Edge my best reviews. Love the ride, smooth and hugs the road well. I have yet to find a fault with it and I hope that I don't because I really love my new cross over Edge. 
Did lots of research and thought Ford was really becoming competitive with foreign auto brands...WRONG!!! From day one, something was not right with my Edge. The headlights were cracked from the inside upon purchase. At 5000 miles, the transmission felt off - searching for gears, excessive shifting. When the OD, it struggled and revved too high. At 8000 miles the tranny blew while I was driving on a mountain pass - I lost total control of the vehicle and was forced to use the E break to pull off the road. The tranny was replaced, but at 16000 miles it was dripping oil from the tranny again - this time an axle rod. I told Ford I didn't feel safe & was treated like an annoyance.
I went from a Honda Odyssey to the Ford Edge and I could not be happier. I am always being asked if I like the car or not by admirers and I can't stop raving about it. I had transmission problems with the Honda since day one but my Edge is a year and a half and it runs perfectly. I am happy to buy an American car from now on after this purchase.
The ride is excellent, enough room for my family. Mileage not very good. around 15-17 mpg in 100% city driving. Power is good and ride comfort is excellent. No wind noise no outside noise. Leather very nice. Overall very pleased with everything except gas mileage. 
The Edge is fun to drive, smooth, quiet and very good looking. We have been in stores and resturants and had people talk about our car. They like it too! I have been buying Fords since 1981 and this Edge is the best yet.
Wife, 7 week old son, & I enjoy our little road-trips in the Edge. Cruising 70 to 75 mph isn't a problem courtesy of the 6 speed auto transmission. Solid build quality gives the feeling you're in a safe/well built crossover. Front-wheel drive is all that's needed (live in snowy WI). Very nice all around vehicle!
This CUV is excellent looking, and very nice, we got the car and loved it, we had an Expedition before so we decide to go for better gas mileage. Well, its been a year since we bought it and I'm not impressed with it. I'm very forgiving when it comes to rating cars, the little blemishes found on the brand new car shouldn't been there. For an example, the door handles had a little mat in the cavity to cover up the bolt showing was gone the first time we vacummed the car, cheap and not the best way to design the car. The plastic covers in the back gate (lift gate) comes off when I close the gate. No foot rest for the driver.
This car rides great. Smooth on the highway with good acceleration when needed. Getting 20-21 mpg city and higway driving. 
I have always gone with Honda to buy all my cars. My husband was bored with this and seen a Ford Edge and had to buy. I was nervous about this idea, not anymore. This is the best vehicle
Love the Edge, no going back to my unreliable and mostly unresponsive, GM vehicles. The Ford is great, seems very safe and reliable. Our main issues are the A/C (always on max, not enough air flow from vents to keep you cool in Arizona) and gas mileage (17- 19). The vehicle had 21,000 miles on it when we bought it, should be better. Also, there is a peculiar smell occasionally, smells like natural gas and we see some light wisps of smoke out from the hood area. Dealer says nothing wrong with it. For the price, though, it's a great vehicle and we'd never be able to buy a Murano here for the same price range!
I went from a Exployer to the Edge, for something a bit smaller. Cons: no remote hatch release, back window does not open, brake noise when starting out if weather damp or rainy, front head rest push head forward, blind spot when changing lanes, gauges hard to see if lights on during the day. Too small back window to see through when backing up. Can't fit my large mcdonalds ice coffee in cup holder. Wish the gear handle was on the column so I had room for my purse or more cup holder space. The dash top shiny accent reflects in the windshild. Wish drivers door only unlock-hit button again for all doors unlock. Steering wheel conrols a bit small for a mans fingers.
We have had our Edge for just over a year now and the wife loves it! We average 18mpg in city and anywhere from 21-22mpg winter time to 22-24mpg in the summer and have reached 26mpg a couple of times. The ride seems rough when riding in the passenger seat compared to the driver seat(just my opinion)we had sirius installed after we purchased the vehicle and wife loves that also. She like the looks and compares her edge to a less expensive looking lexus rx. no problems with tire pressure monitoring system as mentioned in some reviews
My wife needed something with four wheel drive. We live on a mountain and get a lot of snow. I needed something to pull my 4 wheelers, that was as fun to drive as my Mustang, and my Audi turbo, and would be comfortable for road trips. My Audi was a fortune to maintiain. The Edge ride is so smooth. I like smoking BMW X5's off the line and the ride is very quiet. We love the look of it and I never get tired of driving it. Nice work Ford!!
I was shopping for an SUV for 10 months. My choices were down to Lexus RX400, Mazda CX9, Ford Edge and Lincoln MKX. For the price the Ford Edge was the winner by far. It handles very well with quick cornering response. The 263hp V-6 is a hot engine. I hear Ford is already thinking of dumping it. Don't do it! I love the Vista Roof. It's like driving a convertible SUV. I have to agree with a previous review. The navigation system is wonderful but no free updates. That stinks for a $1200 option. All in all I love this vehicle and recommend it to anyone looking for a car.
I fell in love with the Edge the first time I saw the commercial. I traded in my Chrysler Pacifica for the Edge and love it so far! Very sporty looking and drives very well. Lots of room in the back for more than just children to ride comfortably! The interior is average, but its very functional and very comfortable. Along with most cars, there are a few things I would like to see changed for the models to come. The way the armrest is set up in the back makes it hard to see out the rear view mirror. The brakes are sketchy for me, the have grooves in them and the dealer said it was normal on the Edge...hmm. Other than that, very sport and get lots of compliments! 
What a great car. A friend bought one and let me drive it. Within 2 days I had one. Love everything about it, except the gas mileage could be better. Very comfortable to ride in from all seats. The traction is great. Drove in a couple of snow storms and had no trouble, handled very well. Good looking car. I get favorable comments all the time. Came with hte Sirrus radio, when it came time to renew I didn't. Didn't realize it was so expensive. The mp3 plugin takes the place of the Sirrus radio very well.
Ford Edge is a great value for a roomy 5 passanger crossover suv. I have a large carseat in the center backseat, and I can still fit two adults pretty comfortably back there. Good Leg/head room. It is a fun car to drive. It has smooth strong exelleration. Easy to park. Even in tight mall parking lots, its very nible. MPG's are pretty good on the highway, when I'm on cruse I get about 25mpg. The crossovers I was considering were: Acadia, Murano, and FX35. I think the Edge is the best looking externally. The interior is not the best of the bunch, but is funtional, comfortable, and well put together.
I really love the car. Bought it on a trip to Maryland for a wedding. I really like the comfort, handling, and ride. Lots of bells and whistles, too I hate the navigation system. My little Garmin 550c is much, much better. I would highly recommend not buying the navigation system, if possible. You are better off with a portable model like the Garmin. The Sirius radio is wonderful as is the rest of the sound package. The speakers are average. The tire system detects low pressure in your tires. This is a good feature, however, it is too sensitive. Quick changes in weather can cause the system to activate. All in all, a very nice car with lots of fun things.
I was rear ended by a Dodge Ram going 70 mph while I was at a stop. This car was awesome! My passenger and I walked away a little sore, but we walked away. My car is totaled now but I'm in the process of buying a new one, unfortunately they don't make the Dark Amethyst in the 2008's. 
I recommend the Ford Edge, it is fun to drive, handles excellent with good acceleration. When I first got it I had to train myself to stop driving so fast. It is also the perfect height, low enough to handle well but high enough to feel like you are sitting in a chair instead of with your legs out in front of you like you are on the floor. Before this I had a 6 cyl Subaru Outback 04, before that a V-6 Lexus ES300 98. Both of these handled very well but did a number on my back and I couldn't see anything sitting so low to the ground. I'm getting around 20 mpg which I feel is good for a 3.5L 265hp. Rides smooth too!
I've had this vehicle for 3 mos and I can tell you I love it. I drove a 1998 Lincoln Mark VII before and it just wasn't for me. I'm retired and I needed a vehicle that would take four guys with golf bags to the course. Well this Ford Edge is perfect for that. We all sit in comfort and quiet. We can have a normal conversation at 70 mph with having to raise our voice. Two of my golfing buddies drive the Lexus RX 330 and both say their next car will be the Edge.
The AWD Edge has been a great car to drive. I was surprised as to how smooth and quite it is. All controls are fairly easy to get to given the size of the interior and the seats (except the front head rests) are very comfortable on long trips. This car is a great deal dollar for dollar. We get compliments on the Edge frequently.
Have 26,000 miles on vehicle. No problems whatsoever. Only work done was routine oil changes - so far very reliable. In 2007, Ford did not offer the sync option for audio/mp3 players (which is now offered on 2008 cars). I would have preferred that over the wire connections that I must make now. Overall experience is that I am very happy with this car and would buy it again. Combined hwy/city mileage is a solid 18mpg - don't expect more from AWD equipped car. Although the Edge has been out a year now, I still get a lot of questions from people about the car. The styling appears to be popular.
I really like the Edge. My wife has a Ford Expedition, but this is my first Ford. I've had many imports: Honda, Audi, Infiniti, Nissan, VW, Toyota, and so far this one is right up there with the best brands. Nice combo with powerful engine and smooth trans. Excellent safety features. Drives very nice on highway. Some blind spots (backup sensors option is must have). The only thing I do not like is the middle backseat is very tight, can not fit three adults in backseat (only fits two adults and a small child in middle). 
Great curb appeal and comfortable. That's about it. City driving gas mileage averages around 15mpg - not much better than my 2004 Explorer. Difficult to see outside or rear window - back headrests block view. However, most troubling is the constant whining which dealership attributes to the fuel pump. Sorry. they say, there is nothing we can do. Because its a new model, Ford has little documentation on this problem. 
Vista roof..amazing! Nav system..awesome! Seats are very comfortable for long drives and heated seats work wonders on your rear side! Heater works really fast. Big plus for cold western winters. love the look and how quiet the car rides. Handling is great as well. It doesn't get the best gas mileage but that's what you can expect with an SUV. Love the car
We own or have owned 2 competing vehicles this year. Picked the Edge based on payment & 98% on looks. My 07' Hyundai Santa Fe & 08' Hyundai Veracruz are leagues above the Edge in build quality, refinement & pamper level. Edge is quite quick, handles nice. Lots of looks, comments from other drivers. But if one doesn't care so much about looks, the Santa Fe or Veracruz are simply night & day in quietness, refinement, smoothness & quality. A difference likened between Toyota Rav4 VS BMW X5 V8. The Edge is nice to drive & acceptable. The Hyundai's are simply impressive every time you drive them. I'd have to say they are 3 - 5 tiers above the Edge. 
It has a great feel of the road. Very stable, feels very solid. The road noise is at a minumum. It has plenty of room.
We have had this vehicle for around three weeks now. We brought a 2007 for the incentives and had an "A" plan, that made the price hard to beat. Problem is, we are averaging 14.1 mpg. My wife drives the car to work M-F 15 miles highway driving. We have asked other Edge owners what their average MPG is and the normal response is "20 - 25." Also, window wipers freeze up and make the blades useless. Where they are located is a collection area for rain and snow. Not very well thought out. Would strongly advise looking at other crossover's as this one cost more in gas than a Suburban would!
We got our Edge 3 weeks ago and love it. It is so much fun to drive. We got a 2007 floor model:, Black w/ tan leather, heated seats, Sirius, 18" Alloy tires, rear-sensor, fog lights, roof rack, power everything. The Vista Roof was not on the floor model. The car drags slightly to the right and I found out this was an issue for some of the '07 Edge and Lincoln MXK's (see TBS's on fordedgeforum dot com). I brought it in to the dealer, with the TSB # and they ordered the part. It was not installed yet. Other than that, it is an awesome car. Drives like a solid car with the room of an SUV. So comfortable. Looks better than any SUV out there, stylish, yet simple. Gas mileage is OK.
I drive mostly highway to work and this vehicle is great for this. It rides great and is quite. Good pickup for a big CUV. Nav system and stereo are great.
I love the six speed transmission and the low noise and smooth ride. fast pick up and passing. I wish I would of bought awd and more gadgets like temp readings, auto temp control. better sound system.
We just purchased our Edge, SE basic edition, about 2 weeks ago. What a fun machine to drive! We found it to be quite nimble in turns, light and quick on the accelerator, and an interior so quiet, my husband turned off the engine and restarted it because he couldn't hear it! Solid, roomy, comfortable, I like it every bit as much as I did my Expedition, but easier to smile at the gas station now! Still has the creature comforts we like, power door locks, windows, DVD, at a nice, no-frill price.
I have owned my 2007 Edge for 2 weeks now and I love it! Was hoping for higher MPG (so far 21 combined city/highway). It is fun to drive, comfortable and quiet. This is the 1st Ford I have ever owned and I think I made a good choice.
Driving this vehicle is a dream! Very comfortable, wonderful fit/finish on interior, leather is very rich looking (not pleather), great storage, and easy to get a child in and out of back seat. The Vista Roof is amazing! It's November in the Mid-West so I haven't had it open yet but I'm looking forward to Spring! I cannot say enough things about this car that I love. Everyone should get one!
My Edge has the vista roof. Unfortunatly, the headliner was not attached properly and it was haning down and it rattled like crazy. It took four trips to the dealer, but they were really good and finally got the parts. Rattle and sagging are completly fixed. Now, I can drive this car without being constantly annoyed. I get great gas mileage (24 mpg hwy) and the car is very easy to drive and fairly responsive for a SUV. I like the reverse stiching in the seats.
Now over 6 months with the Ford Edge and nothing wrong to report. The car works fine and very pleasant to drive. Do not look for super fast acceleration but on long drive you will appreciate the confort, space and nagivation system.
This has been an excellent vehicle to drive. The handling is that of car in an SUV body. I drive 30,000 miles per year for work and this has been the best vehicle my company has ever bought for me.
I was a little hesitant to lease an American car but to my surprise the Edge exceeded my expectations. I looked at the Murano and the Pacifica among other but the Edge seemed to beat them all. The handling is great and it is fun to drive. The backseat is very spacious and there is plenty of storage room in the rear.
I like a lot of things about this car. Perfomance of the 3.6 is very good. The interior styling is comfortable and stylish. Controls are easy to master and reach. The car is versatile with fold down seat options. Gas mileage is good compared to my older explorer V8.Power is as good or better for the V6.
I was pleasantly surprised after test driving this car. I honestly never thought I would buy an American car. I love my Edge. It's roomy both in the front and rear. It's very easy to see out as well.
I was looking for a more fuel efficient SUV (which sounds like an oxymoron), but I drove the Edge and fell in love with it. Very sporty and fun to drive!
We purchased a dealer demo and a great price and we couldnt be happier! This car drives and rides better than BMW or Lexus! I drove to NC (over mountains) and got over 25mpg! Have owned Ford for over 14 years and this is the best one yet! My parents drove it when we got it and went out 2 days later and bought one, and someone my husband works with test drove it and went out the next day and bought his wife one! This CUV is quiet and has no trouble with pick-up or speed. A real family vehicle and you feel like you are driving a sports car! Test drive one...you wont be sorry!
We have had the vehicle for four months and have been very impressed. We traded a 2002 Ford Explorer and have had no regrets. I am 6'2" and am very pleased with the leg room, both front and back. Leg room and shoulder room is better than our old Explorer. It drives very smoothly and acceleration is more than adequate. The panoramic vista moonroof is wonderful and the reclining rear seats are very inviting. Road handling is is authoritative and minor bumps go relatively unfelt. The only thing we lost was rear cargo space, as our Explorer had significantly more room in the rear cargo area. However, this was not one of our criteria. We wholeheartedly recommend the Ford Edge.
I love my Edge! Looked at a Dodge Magnum, Toyota FJ Cruiser, and the Chevy HHR but chose the Edge. The design is classic, it's a blast to drive and the car looks great in black!
This Edge is my first venture into the SUV/CUV segment. Having dismissed these vehicles as heavy, rough-riding, gas-sucking and prone to roll-over on the highway - this Edge shatters those perceptions. Looks, ride, power, and a surprisingly roomy interior - this CUV has it all. It achieves a true 18+ mpg in the city and 23+ on the highway, plus it has stability control. Having always been a car or mini-van person, I'm perfectly happy with this Edge.
We fell in love with this car on the first sight and are still happy with it. But there are some points that need to be addressed by Ford. Our engine is whining as another reviewer described earlier. A very annoying high-pitch sound coming from the engine during acceleration and decelleration. The gas mileage is worse than the window sticker promised. We have hard time to make 18npg in the city traffic although we really try hard to drive as careful as possible. A bearing broke after 3000 miles on flat road.
Every new Ford is better than the last, and this one is no exception. I love this car. Plenty of power, comfort, and room. At first, my friends said I bought a "chick car", but after riding in it, they figured out that it's quite "gender neutral".
This is a great vehicle. Do not make the mistake of buying the Edge without the Vista roof. I keep the sunshade open on sunny days and the tinting of the panels is still sufficent as to not bake in the seats. The VR alone gives you the feeling of a much larger interior. Very easy exit/entry and provides great visibility (height) for those who are used to the view from an SUV. Brake, headrest and liftgate concerns from other reviews are non- existant. I will admit that there is a glare reflecting the dash onto the windshield when driving from my Camel interior, but you have to be looking for it to notice.
I really love this Edge. I have about 1100 miles on this Edge and have had it two weeks. I have had no problems with my brakes they are just fine! The back windows do shake however if you crack the front windows they shake no more. This Edge has more power and rides just as nice as my previous 525I. We bought this Edge because of the leg room in the back seat!! I read about the noise coming from the engine and yes I heard it too however I don't hear it as much now since I hit 1000 miles, probably have to brake in the engine. Gas wise I can't really comment, I live in the mountains and have to climb to 3000 feet 4 times a day! Tank of gas is about a week for me. This Edge is so comfy!
I am 6"3 and loved my Mazda 6 until I started getting lower back pains. I decided to purchase a CUV (need some kind of handling) and well when I saw the new Edge I was hooked! Great exterior design (by far best in class). The drive is not like a sport sedan but for a large vehicle, 4000+ pounds, I was impressed. I purchased full load with Nav which improves the interior look, still not very impressed with interior design and materials. The biggest + is how comfortable and quite this Ford is! Rides like a much more expensive vehicle. The new Duratec is a gem, smooth, quite and powerful. Mated to the 6 speed tranny this Ford is quick! Conclusion: Great value! Great comfort!
I have it only two days and I love it! I have the amethyst color, it is beautiful. Drives great and my 6"4" inch and 230 lbs teenage son, is comfortable and excited to show his friends!
My husband, 6'2" and I, 5'6" both love the comfortable ride. We looked at many crossovers and SUVs before going with the Edge. We did add most of the options including the Vista roof, towing package. We love the power adjustable front driver and passenger seats with the Plus package. Our son has a Honda Pilot and we thought that would be our buy, but the Edge is much sportier and has a quieter, smoother ride. The ground clearance is the same. We did our time with kids and vans so don't need or want the 7 passenger seating vs 5. We compared reviews and specs for the Honda Pilot, Honda CRV, Volvo CX 90, Toyota Highlander, Toyota RAV. Just ran 1600 miles to Las Vegas and back. Great!
We purchased a 2007 Ford Edge SEL Plus on 8/31/07. Had less than 50 miles on it. This car is fast and handles nicely. Being a female, I like that it doesn't drive like a truck. I do have a serious complaint about this new Ford Edge. For the last 3 weeks I've been seeing red fluid on the ground where I've parked. My husband brought the car to Ford this week and the repair receipt shows "CK red fluid leak, right center firewall area.A/C drain dripping on exhaust bracket causing red rust". It turns out the bracket is rusted from the A/C.The service guy at Ford said he's never seen anything like it. He told us not to park on inclines on days we use the AC. My driveway is on an incline!
I was skeptical at first. My husband actually picked out this vehicle. I thought it looked a little strange, but was willing to give it a try. I tried out 3 different types of vehicles and I was sold on the Edge. My teenagers love it and my 19 year old daughter bought one for her self. We now have 2 in the driveway. Every day someone says "What is that?" Sticker prices were a bit higher than expected, but we got an OK deal during year-end close-out specials. I was disappointed to find out that those "bling-bling" wheels were nothing more than plastic wheel covers.
I think Ford has done a good job on this car. It is fun to drive, handles very well, Comfort level is good. A very good road car. I haven't had any problems with my brakes, but I don't tailgate either.
The Edge is a nice enough vehicle, however try to drive it with the back windows down. You will experience a "shake" like no other. The vibration in the vehicle is so bad the interior door panels shake visibly. Ford acknowledges the problem with a service advisory that states there is no servce at this time. The dealership wants nothing to do with your issue after they receive your money and the solution is don't try to drive it with only the back windows down. Ford states they will not set a precident on this issue with a trade in certificate therefore, your will be stuck. 
My wife replaced her Sunfire GT with a new 2007 Escape Limited and this was her first new car she had ever purchased. We looked at a Mazda 3 and a G6, but she decided on the Escape. I don't care for SUV's, but it did not take long for me to really start to like our Escape Limited. The fit and finish along with the quality of the interior pieces was very nice. The Escape is also very quiet, and is even fun to drive on twisty roads. Most SUV's have terrible steering feel, poor on-road dynamics, and noisy tires. The Escape has none of those problems. My wife loves her Escape, and I have learned to love it as well. It is the first SUV I have ever liked! 
When i was going to buy this car i did about a years research and money saving, put a good down payment down for it. I knew exactly what i wanted color and everything i got the limited model and hooked it up. I put 18" chrome wheels on it with the toung skin grey exterior and the black leather interior changed the silver dash accents to silver burlwood, blue led lights in side and out. The no temp gauge thing bothered me also so i installed a rear view mirror with it in it.Fold out indash recever 3 tv's with Two 12 inch JBL speakers in a custom box changed all the speakers to kenwood components and remote start. It really turns heads when im driving it and i get alot of compliments.
I bought this 07 escape used with 40,000 miles on it. I now have 46000 and i am loving it. I came from a ford fusion which got considerably better fuel economy, however the added cargo space and go anywhere ability are well worth it. I get about 18+mpg and i plan on getting a K&N airfilter which i have been told by many vastly improves the fuel economy, but increases some road noise. I love this vehicle and know that its been better then a Jeep i got around over my friends Jeep Wrangler with out a problem. 
I've been shopping for an Escape for a couple years now and finally made the plunge. I was going to buy the '07 new, when I saw the re-designed '08, but it was too late to order one as I wanted a 4x4 with manual 5-speed. Found a clean '07 4x4 stick 17K miles and love it. Very comfortable, excellent visibility. Mileage 23/27, and absolutely fun to drive. Handles great with lots of power for a 4cyl. The 2.3 has 25 years of refinement and it shows - especially with the stick. Interior is basic, but very functional. 
I run a fleet of Ford SUV's. I just bought numbers 14-15-16 of the Ford Escape in the last 6 yrs. I put about 100,000 miles a yr on my cars & run them 3 yrs before I trade them in. And the Escape performance and quality is 2nd to none. I also have 2 Ford Expeditions, also very reliable vehicles, however for the price differance & fuel mileage differance I rather the Escape. Have very minimal amount of "shop time" on them considering the amount of miles I put on my vehicles. So most definitely 2 thumbs up. 
Did plenty of research here and elsewhere before I ended up getting my Escape. Great vehicle! Do yourself a favor, get a K&N air filter, learn to feather the gas from stops and enjoy 23+ MPG in the city (with the V6 no less!) I get 26-28 Hwy. Use the cruise control, it's your fuel efficient friend! The Escape can be as much of a gas hog as you want it to be. The Audiophile System is awesome and a great perk. One of the best things I love about the Escape though is it's size. It's really nice to maneuver in tight spaces. I went from an F-150 to this so the maneuverability and double the MPG are greatly appreciated. My only real issue is there's no temp in the info center. Enjoy!
I turned in my 2006 Explorer V6 XLT to get a smaller more fuel efficient SUV that was also not so truckish. The Escape V6 AWD was the SUV of choice. I got for a good price one year old used with 17,000 miles. The Explorer I traded in got only an avg. of 12-13 mpg and had a real truck SUV feel to it. The Escape has a much smoother feel to it and gets an avg of 19 mpg.
I bought my \Escape a year ago. Was happy about it until problems started. First of, there is a noise when I turn my stering which they told me that it was totally normal. Yeah right, like it was built that way. Now the radio, auto volume doesn't work. Change it 4 times and still the same problem so I gave up. Now, a month ago, the OD light started to flash and the transmission start slippering. Went to Ford dealer, they check and change every sensor and still was the same. They didn't know what to do, so they kept the car on their lot for a week before finally decided to open the transmission which it was broken inside. No technician to repair it. Had to order a new one
With a new baby on the way, needed to trade our Silverado pickup for a more baby-friendly vehicle. Grew up with the Fords of the late 80's-early 90's and swore I wouldn't drive another Ford, but now I own one--I'm surprised at how much I like it. Opted for the 5-speed and can get up to 29 mpg on trips. The four cylinder is so quiet, I sometimes can't hear the RPMs to know when to shift (no idiot shift light to help). The engine is also very spirited that I fins myself speeding without knowing! I'm 6'5" and fit fine in back seat with front seat all the way back. Interior a little plastic-y, but I like the look better than 2008 Escape. Though I've only had it for a month, I like it.
Gave up my loaded sienna with great trepidation. I'd become spoiled with all of the perks, space and comfort, but had to get awd and trade leasing for ownership due to a new job. Wish I'd done it sooner! Best decision ever-- comfort, heated leather seats, 6cd, great cargo area, smooth ride (once the tire pressure was adjusted), and awesome stereo. Couldn't ask for more! Even gets better gas mileage than my husband's kia sportage (which has less cargo space, no heated seats or 6 cd changer). Gets around great in bad weather. It's just fun to drive at a great price (saved 150/mo on buying compared to my lease w/out a trade)! Had a Jeep and Blazer--this is better!
I had a 2006 Jeep Liberty and it was in the shop more than it was in my driveway, it got so bad I pick it from the dealership after a repair and drove it straight to the Ford dealer and traded it in on the 07 Escape. I love the Escape much better then the Jeep. It's never let me down in the 40,000 miles I've driven it, change oil and that's it. I did add a K&N air filter which did give me a noticeable increase in fuel mileage per/tank.
Wrote previous review 1 month after buying - now 1 year after purchase. Still love this vehicle. Motor broken in - excellent off-line acceleration. Very comfortable on long (1000 mile+) trips. Absolutely no reliability issues w/regular maintenance. So far unable to bottom it out yet over rough terrain, ruts at intersections, goes right over small obstacles like curbs if you go slow - great for "urban warfare".
I've had my Escape for a year now and it has been an excellent vehicle. It's just the right size for a suburbanite like me. I can load 20 bags of mulch in the back with the back seats folded down or a 20 inch tv in the box, but the car is still easy to drive and park. I am a low mileage driver, but still I have not had one problem with the Escape. The ride is not as smooth as a sedan, but on the one trip I took from Milwaukee to Minneapolis the ride was good. I've read elsewhere that the aceleration of Escape with automatic transmission was supposed to be sluggish, but I find it to be vey quick and have had to ease up on the accelerator compared to other cars I've had.
I wasn't even looking for an Escape when I started shopping and ending up there on chance because the Toyota dealer messed me over and I walked out. Anyway, I was surprised by the performance, look and feel of the 2007 Escape. It has been a great ride over the past year. The only thing I have noticed is breaking really hard is a little sluggish but over all a great ride. I am very happy with my 2007 Escape.
The Escape appears to be reliable transportation. But not much else. Driving this used Escape from Enterprise, I can see where Ford cuts corners to keep costs down. Plastic interior looks cheap. And it is. The sound actually echos around inside the hard-shell interior. Motor is weak. A/C is strong. Very good A/C. Wheelbase is too short for a vehicle this tall and this heavy. The car bounces and porposes down the road. It feels tippy. Would not give this car to an inexperienced driver. ie: teenager. Poorly designed cargo area. There is a metal arm on each side which extends 7 or 8" into the cargo space when the seats are down. Rear seat forward tilt only. They do not fold flat.
My wife traded her 2005 Focus in for this because we were having a baby and the car seat didn't fit well in the Focus. The car seat fits nicely in the back of the Escape. The Escape seems well designed for a family with a couple of kids. The AWD will be perfect for getting around in winter in Minnesota. The handeling is great. Gas mileage isn't the best in class. It's also missing some high end technology stuff, and side curtain airbags found in the 07 Japanese alternatives. You have to pay more for that stuff though. We test drove a Saturn Vue, and liked the Escape better. he Escape looks better than any other small SUV in my opinion. I am biased toward buying American
Back to the blue oval after about 12 years. Overall build quality is good, but interior has a little too much plastic. Seats are comfortable and handling is very good, reminds my of my old Honda CRX. Love the blazing copper color. Miss the power and height of my pickup, but not the gas mileage.
Blazing Copper: Great looking vehicle, good ergonomics except the arm rest/center console and cup holders. My wife cannot use because it is too far back. Gas mileage not as good as sticker suggests, about 19-22 with 50/50 highway/city driving. Transmission can sometimes jerk into gear. Also when needing to merge on freeway it's like breaking then jerking into gear. Need to work on that. It is as if the vehicle has trouble deciding which gear it wants. Handling is great, tight turning radius, easy to park and lots of room.
I have had no problems with this vehicle at all so far. It has a lot of power and has very good fuel economy for an SUV. It has very tight and responsive steering. (a lot like a sports car.) It is quite easy to park this thing in tight parking spots. When I drove it from Texas to California in late November of 2006, I was getting 27MPG on the highway. When I took it for a drive in the San Gabriel Mountains, I noticed that it climbed the steep grades and mountain passes with no problem at all. It rides very smooth and quiet. It has lots of room for its size. I can fold down the seats, lay out my sleeping bag and have enough room in the back to stretch out and sleep inside this thing.
I am a big guy and I fit in the front and rear just fine. Lots of legroom in the back! This "small" SUV is fun to drive, good looking and versatile. If you feed it premium gas, it will grow up to be an Explorer!
I had an '06 Escape and loved it. Traded for a Mustang and recently traded back to an Escape. Great visibility and comfort. Gas mileage on the '06 was at 24 and hope to do as well on the '07. Lots of interior room with great storeage behind the back seat. Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a SUV that does not need the third seat.Glad I went back to the Escape.
Purchased for 19,500 with 6 CD, Sunroof and Tow. With 700 miles I'm getting 20 mpg with 50/50 city/hwy. 4WD on snow packed country roads (a lot of hills) is great. Handling on the hwy in snow, rain or dry pavement is excellent. Fold flat rear seats and rear cargo size allow me to take my 2 Doberman's on long trips with everyone being comfortable. I shopped and test drove many other SUV's in this size and I made the right choice with the Escape. No rattles, shakes or shimy's.
I just traded my 2005 Escape for the 2007 model (XLT 3.0 V-6). I was very satisfied with the 2005 model experiencing no problems whatsoever. Not much has changed with the 2007. Solid ride and nice seating position. The upgraded Audiophile radio is awesome. Fuel mileage averages around 20-21mpg (mixed highway and city). A good, solid all around vehicle. 
I talked my wife into buying the Escape XLS 4x4. We felt it the car would be nice as a future family car. My parents own 2002 Ford Escape XLS and have been quite pleased. So far, it's been a dream driving, performing well in snow, wind and sleet. Great purchase below $20K, we even able to talk the saleswoman into installing fog lights at no additional charge. This vehicle will perform great anywhere in the country. 
I recently donate my car (98 Old Intrigue w/ 250,000 miles) and traded in a F-150 for my new Escape. It is the perfect compliment of the two vehicles. The ride is a lot better then what I expected from this vehicle. And it has seemed to handle the snow and ice well in these wonderfully short MN and ND winters. I'm averaging 24.6 (through the first 4,100 miles) MPG with the V6 which has been the most pleasant surprise.
Bought vehicle with zero miles, drove through 2007 New Year's Day weekend blizzard in New Mexico after putting on only about 500 miles - 2WD (front wheel drive) awesome in snow - went through over 50 miles of 6 - 12" deep snow with few or no problems. Nice ground clearance for small SUV. Lots of interior space - just slightly shorter than an Explorer, but same height and width. Unitized construction keeps weight down, allows 4-cylinder engine to do adequate job of propelling vehicle while returning about 25 MPG - and it's not even fully broken in yet! Nice, big (about 20 gallon) gas tank means more miles between fill-ups. Comfortable, easy to drive on long trips, supportive, firm seats.
This is my 2nd Escape. The 04 XLT FWD was good reliable transportation with just a little dose of fun factor included. The LTD adds the MACH sound system which is much better than the standard unit, as well as AWD which I can appreciate as a boat towing kind of guy. Using the old XLT FWD for towing my 3300lb boat was sometimes trouble coming out of the water. The AWD easily gets around any wheel slippage. Getting about 18mpg but drive it fairly hard and at least half the miles are city. Our family highly recommends this vehicle as a good fit between a CUV and any of its much larger politically incorrect cousins.
This vehicle is the second one which I have owned. The 1st one being a 2003 Escape XLT. This in itself speaks about my overall satisfaction with the vehicle. I call it a women's SUV mainly because of its smaller size. It handles as good as or better than a car and its usefulness far surpasses any car. I have traveled across Canada with this vehicle fully loaded with belongings and with an 18 cu.ft. luggage carrier on the roof rack and did it quite comfortably. The handling is exceptional in all weather and conditions.
We love driving around and so far the weather here has been mild, so we can't wait till we get some bad weather to see how it performs under those conditions.
This is my first new car and so far I love it, it's so smooth and so easy to drive it's unreal; after all it is an SUV. I've tested many small utes Toyota, Honda, Hyundai, etc. - it's the best of the bunch - not quite as many features as the Tucson but the Escape is quick and zippy and gets just as good gas mileage as the rest. The inside is simple; could be better but works for me. The only weird thing so far is when turning it turns great in big turns but in really shallow turns it's kind of hard on your wrist. 
I love my 2007 Escape. It's fun to drive, looks sharp and I get a lot of comments on it. The only thing I would change is the dashboard. I prefer digital info on the radio, such as temp, fuel range, etc. but that is not an option on mine. I would also put more numbers on the speedometer. It's a little difficult to tell if I am driving 65 or 70 because of the limited numbers listed.. Other than that, I am very happy with my vehicle.
I got this car because I needed an suv to haul horse feed and my lab around in. The Escape fits my needs and is a great on gas mileage. Has plenty of cargo space for 300 pounds of feed and a 95 pound dog and still handles great and has plenty of get up and go left in it.
I got rid of my Explorer Sport and replaced it with the Escape Sport. Love to drive it. Great pick up. The air conditioner could be a little bit more powerful. All other Fords I have owned had great air. Live in Texas and cold air is a must. Great little SUV. Hope it holds up to the 100 round trip commute I have daily.
Bought new Escape for my wife since we just had a baby girl. Sold my 2003 Ford Focus and 1996 V6 Mustang to get it. Gets great MPG for an suv 25mpg overall so far with only 500 miles on it. Shifts great. Ride is nice and high for only having 15 inch wheels. Love this car; makes me want to trade in my 06 Ranger and get a matching Escape. Great SUV love it.
I've read different reviews but I must say that so far we are very pleased with this vehicle. I is not lacking performance, stability, style, or comfort. Like I've always said it's all a matter of opinion and mine on the Escape is "luv it!"
Purchased my Escape under protest. Traded in my Dodge Quad Cab 4x4 Hemi to shut up my wife. Got tired of hearing about the high cost of ownership. Well, I should listen to my wife more often. Not as macho as a hemi but cut my expenses in half (payment, gas, insurance). Fun to drive and easier to park. I bought it with a stick shift to spite my wife. Didn't work. She thinks it's fun to drive too. If gas hits $5 a gallon, I'm ready.
I had a 2005 Escape 4 cylinder and wasn't as satisfied. The 2007 6 cylinder is a much smoother ride and quieter engine. I also like the darker tint on the windows and the 6 CD sound system. So far, I am very happy with my vehicle and I am still excited about the service that I received at my dealership. There doesn't seem to be as much brake dust build up.
This is my first Ford so I was a little apprehensive and I also went from a V6 to a 4 cylinder, but it has more power than I expected and I'm enjoying the gas mileage. It's quite roomy for a compact SUV and the new warranty made the sale. I really like the styling and I like that it handles like a car, but you're riding up high like a truck. As a single person it's what I need - the look and feel of an SUV without the enormous price of one.
The Escape is a relatively inexpensive, fun-to-drive small SUV that also happens to get pretty decent gas mileage. It has more cargo room than I had anticipated which has been a very welcome surprise.
I am satisfied with my new Ford Explorer, but every time I step on and off the brake pedal, I get a clunking noise. The mechanic at the dealership said this was normal for this model. I don't like the clunking, but apparently there is nothing I can do about it. Anyone else having this problem?
Bought this to replace an F150 4x4 Supercab. In addition to being much easier to park, this little Escape handles well, rides well, looks great, and seems to be pretty well made.
Just got my new 2007 Escape XLT, and its only been a few hundred miles, and I love every minute of driving it. It has great pickup, drives like a car, and handles some limited off-roading I've done so far. The seamless 4wd is great - I couldn't get the car to spin in the rain, and it pulled right out of the sand. I can't wait to see how it will be in the snow. Great 6-disc CD changer, nice sounding stereo with good bass. This is the perfect SUV: good size, power and fuel economy. What more do you need?
We bought this car new as it was unloaded from the truck. My wife loves everything about it and wants to trade it in on a new one since they changed the body style. At first we used to just go for drives to see how high we could get the MPG value on the screen. We have seen high 50s for short drives but average in the upper 20s. It provides everything my wife wanted; She sits up high, it is extremely reliable, it gets great gas mileage, and she likes driving it.
I am a true car person. I have owned way to many new cars over the years and this is truly the best. The first thing to do for gas mileage is to change the air filter to the K&N. Use Mobil 1 oil and my mileage has ran as high as 41MPG when trying. I get a constant 30MPG when my wife drives and that is great. She just drives and does not worry about mileage. She has never gotten any better than 17MPG with any other car that she has had both large and small cars of many makes and models. Thank you Ford for taking a large step for fuel. The others have a lot of catching up to do. Ford rules
I now have over 15,000 miles on our Ford Escape Hybrid (4WD). The average gas mileage is 29.3 MPG which is within the EPA estimate for this SUV. My wife and I love the SUV. I did all the research at the time comparing the Escape with all the other SUV on the market in its class and am more than happy that we purchased the Escape Hybrid. The SUV has been great so far the only exception is I wish the door gaskets would be heavy duty as they can be damaged fairly easily just through normal usage. Both front doors show wear on their door gaskets. The driver's side was replaced several months ago. Other than that it's a great SUV. Actually it's fun to drive. Great SUV. Thanks Ford. Just love it!
The 2007 Hybrid FWD is rated at 36mpg in the city. Don't believe it! Almost all my driving is in the city. I get only 23-24mpg. Even turning the A/C off adds only 1mpg. The Ford dealer said it needed to be driven for 2,000-3,000 miles to be broken in before the mileage would improve. After 5,000 the mileage is still the same. I know you never get the rated mpg, but 30%+ less is fraud!
I've owned Toyotas for 20 years and love my Prius, but Toyota blew it with the Highlander Hybrid. It's too big and the mileage just isn't good enough. In college I swore I'd never own another American car, but the Escape Hybrid turned me around. It's brilliant. With the 4WD it goes anywhere I want including rough dirt roads and deep snow.... and it gets 50% better mileage than my old 4- runner. I've tried to break it. I took it fast and fully loaded up a steep mountain highway to see if I could run the battery down.... no way. It just works. I get an honest 28-30 MPG average with the 4WD. Avoid the factory Nav system. Buy a Garmin instead.
I love my Ford Escape hybrid, it looks great, is fun to drive, and gets pretty good gas mileage. I usually get around 28-30 mpg, and I am usually in the 28 range. I wish the gas mileage was a little bit better. The inside is nice and it is a solid car. 
I am getting 35 miles a gallon, yet I am driving a SUV that is comfortable and looks good. It does not get better than that. I am looking to buy a second (used) Escape. No serious complaints, however, it would be nice if you could add the MP3 option to the factory Navigation/radio setup. The 2008 might be quieter, but I like the looks for the 2007 better. 
Bought this to replace a '95 Grand Cherokee and an '04 Grand Prix. Mileage has varied from 26mpg freeway to 33mpg city. Power from a stop is a little weak. Passing power is very capable. Ride is a little bouncy. Handling is a little unstable above 70mph. Below that, it's acceptable for an SUV. Cabin is a little noisy, but no worse than the Grand Prix. Headroom/legroom in both front and back are good. I'm 6'2" and even with the moonroof I still have headroom. 4 wheel disc brakes are very good, but have an odd, nonlinear feel to them. Any doubts about it? Ask for a 24- hour test drive. One day of commuting with it sold me on the Ford Escape Hybrid!
I traded in my '02 Eddie Bauer Explorer for '07 Escape hybrid. I doubled my mileage. Love the NAV system and real time gas mileage gauge. Keeps me from being a lead foot. Avg 31 mpg in mixed driving. The key is no rabbit starts and using less brake and more coasting to get to a red light I like exterior of '07, but the interior of the '08. Buttons and gauges are placed better in the '08. Also '08 has better nooks for interior storage. But'exterior styling of the '07 is more to my taste. The '08 exterior seems like a throwback to the late '90s Explorers, especially with its grille. Overall very pleased with my purchase, including the mpg and acceleration. 
I just bought this Escape Hybrid a couple weeks ago. Not only is it fun to drive, the mileage more than makes up for the slightly higher price. I get about 30 mpg, but mpg probably depends on how you drive. Faster acceleration means less battery use and lower mpg (my wife used it for a couple days and the onboard calculator showed 27.7 mpg). I have the FWD, so if you get 4WD, expect lower mileage. With the $2,600 tax credit, the hybrid only costs a little more than the 18 to 20 mpg regular Escape.
I average 21 mpg with a best of 24.3. I brought the SUV into Ford and they claim it gets 31.3mpg. I had an independent garage test it and it was 21 mpg. I checked it manually, and the on board PC fuel is on the money, 21 mpg. I have the AWD model and no matter what I do or how much I baby it I cannot get better than 24.3. The engine runs if any accessories are on. The engine also kicks in after 25 mph and right away if any upgrade. Overall I like the Escape hybrid, but I feel cheated after paying an extra $12,000 to be green. Figure 20% less mileage off EPA listing and the nav stinks. Maybe Ford should see what Toyota is offering. I own 2 new Fords but don't think I will again.
Love my new '07 Escape Hybrid. The "Refire" metallica paint virtually glows, catches admiring looks from folks and doesn't show dirt too readily. I do quite a bit of highway and mixed driving. I'm currently getting about 31.8 mpg, which I'm ecstatic about. That's twice the mileage I got from my 2001 V6 Ranger, the Escape replaced. The trucklette is roomy, pretty comfortable and fairly peppy. I see a long relationship with this little SUV.
I really enjoy the decision to buy a Hybrid Ford Escape. The overall quality is excellent. The piece of mind knowing that I can have great gas mileage, protecting the environment and also not send money over to the Middle East is worth every penny. I also enjoy the same benefits of a regular SUV concerning cargo space and overall flexibility. The only downside is the interior design, very simple (I can't believe there is not a holder for a cell phone!) Overall, very happy with the purchase.
Fun to drive. Handles well. Quick steering response. Adequate acceleration from a stop. Excellent acceleration for passing. Driving a lot of highway miles and still averaging 29. Have seen 33 in city driving. They could have done a better job on front seat creature comforts, i.e. cup holders, change holders and sun glass holder. Safety features were a consideration in buying. Road noise is a little loud but not terrible. Overall a great buy. 
The vehicle works as advertised. I find the mileage is a touch better than shown on the sticker.
I've had the Escape for 2 weeks and it's performing as advertised. I got over 30mpg on the first tank of gas, and that will improve. The 15 minute MPG gauge has shown as high as 37mpg. If I were to complain about performance it would be the body roll when cornering, but this is a SUV with a high center of gravity and a little body roll is to be expected. The GPS/radio is disappointing. Small screen, and the CD changer is under the seat. Sound quality is average, and no iPod connection. It does otherwise work properly. If GPS/radio is important to you, might wait to see the 2008 upgrade. It wasn't a deal-breaker for me, but Ford could do better. Improve this and its a 10.
I liked the interior & exterior design and wanted to do the right 'green' thing so I spent the extra dollars on the 2007 Ford Escape Hybrid. Now I'm extremely disappointed with the 21 mpg city driving it provides. Certainly not the 33 mpg advertised. I drain the little 15 gallon tank in no time. It stinks.
Car gets decent mileage, about 27 to 29 mpg in realistic driving. Could use some repositioning of buttons, e.g., seat warmers not on center console but on side of seat. Beware of the "tax credit" - it deflates on a ratio to income. My $2600 ended up being $159; the economy is still there but caution on the credit sliding scale. Overall, a great car!
I purchased the Escape Hybrid AWD for two reasons - exhaust emissions and fuel economy. I will assume the emissions are meeting my expectations. The fuel economy? Nowhere near the ratings of 33/29 for city/highway. During this mild Minnesota winter I am only getting around 23 mpg. Granted it?s better than the 16 mpg I got in the winter with my 2003 Chevy Trailblazer LTZ, but the Hybrid is much less of a vehicle than the Trailblazer. I will say that the Escape with its front-wheel drive tracks better in snow than the Trailblazer. For my first hybrid vehicle the Escape is adequate.
We just purchased a new FEH in Houston. We went with the premium package with the silver exterior. Overall, it looks great inside and out. The ride is comfortable, great at handling the uneven and unpredictable city streets. I wouldn't recommend it for off-road use or for towing. We traded in a 2.8L Audi A4 which was a great drivers car, very difficult to accelerate modestly. The FEH actually encourages the driver to accelerate and brake slowly to keep the gas engine off and reduce fuel consumption. Overall, our initial impression has been positive.
I've been driving this car for over four months now and it has outperformed my expectations. Gas mileage is at 29.6, and I drive all highway miles. It handles like a foreign car, is incredibly smooth, and looks sharp (appearance package). Acceleration leaves something to be desired, but I find myself driving in a safer, more fuel efficient manner when the ability to peel off the line is no longer an option. All in all this car has performed far better than I anticipated. 
The surprise is how nimble footed and energetic the Ford Escape is. I considered the import name brands but canvassed coworkers and found a lot of the engineers at the lab had opted for the Escape so I took it for a test drive. The model I got comes loaded and I have no regrets!
I decided upon this as it met my needs for room, mileage and price. I've had others say that Toyota makes 3 hybrids and that they are better. In all honesty 20 years ago that was true, but not now. I did my research and could not justify the extra $$ difference. So far I have not regretted my decision.
I received my new 2007 Escape in June as it was one of the first 2007's manufactured. It replaced my 2000 Explorer XLT with 170K miles. My first impressions of the Escape were very good and I'm still happy after 6 months and 14K miles. Gas mileage is steady at 22 mpg, about 7 mpg better than my '00 Explorer. Weak areas are the rear brakes, which are drum rather than disc as my Escape is equipped with a 4 cylinder engine. There is also driveline vibration at times, plus noticeable rattles and general mechanical noise. I would recommend the Escape but ONLY if it has front and rear disc brakes. The rear brake fade is noticeable and dangerous at times. 
We looked at the 2008 sneak-peek pics and the LA auto show write-ups & pics, but we decided we liked the 2007 interior/exterior design best because it looks less truck-like than the new designs. My wife's the primary driver, and she loves this vehicle. In the first 500 miles, neither of us have any buyer's remorse. 
I truly enjoy driving this vehicle. Used to drive a four door sedan, which had a decent amount of room and with the traction control, it was a great winter vehicle. This hybrid has greatly surpassed my expectations, and I'm only a week into driving it! Comfortable ride on the bumpy/potholed roads in my neighborhood. Weather conditions we experienced with the recent snowstorm and the handling of this vehicle quickly convinced me this was the right purchase. This vehicle feels more in contact with the road and accelerates better than I had anticipated. Overall, I'm very pleased with this purchase and what's even better, the wife is fast growing accustomed to riding in it.
My first hybrid. We have two Fords and two Nissans and a Mazda. The leather is wonderful and it looks great. The side air bags gives you a feel of safety. Wish Ford would have better map lighting up front. My daughter was cold about the truck as she drives a 2006 Nissan Maxima. Took her five minutes to warm up to the two tone paint and leather. Truck is a little top heavy but my wife loves it. Averaging over 40 miles per gallon. Notice that resale value is in the Honda area. Great storage for a small SUV. Taking it up North for winter break to check long term driving. Ford's better idea
I've had my Escape Hybrid now for 2 months and I couldn't think of a better vehicle to own. It is a jack of all trades. I can tow my 15 foot fishing boat, haul the kids and, all our gear, all while getting 30 mpg avg. fuel economy. My wife loves the high seating position; she would rather drive the Escape then her Jaguar. She also likes the fact that it handles more like a car then a suv. Build quality is first rate even though some of the materials are second rate (dash plastic is hard). The engine runs smooth, and the hybrid system is almost transparent (better then all the Toyota Prius I have driven), acceleration is strong up to 70mph (it will outrun a 200 hp v6 Escape to 50 mph).
Totally new driving experience. Much smoother than expected. Great sensation of gearless transmission smoothness; like a snowmobile. Power really comes on strong! Easy to quickly pass. Mileage is averaging 31; 34 mpg on flat freeway at 60 to 65 mph. No odd noises...yet. Headlights great in deer country. The graphic displays are educational for power flow study and mileage display reads at 1 second, 1 minute and 15 minute intervals. Driving through public recreation areas on battery power is fun; no stinky exhaust; little noise...actually too quiet. Wife scares me pulling in the driveway when I'm working on the Explorer.
$3.00 gas got my attention and had me to look at hybrids. Am not a tree hugger-retired & trying to save some green! I drove many hybrid vehicles and all were impressive. The Escape looked and felt more like a typical car. Replaced 2002 Explorer V8 (15/19 MPG). Escape is averaging between 39 and 42 city & 33 miles highway driving from Destin to Cincinnati at 70+ mph. Ride is very comfortable and sufficient head room (6'2"). Acceleration is more than adequate. AC works very well in the normal mode. When waiting at a long light, the ac does not stay cold. Navigation system works well and is not distracting like the Prius. Sound system very good. Great visibility and easy to get in/out.
I traded in my 4.0 liter 2002 4X4 Ford Ranger for this SUV. I had stopped driving my truck because the gas mileage was 14mpg. I only drove it to the mountains and then three people didn't fit comfortably. I can't wait to take this in the snow. I've had this vehicle 4 months and love it. It's so smooth and it's fun trying to keep it on electric. But I miss peeling out like I did in my truck and no more doughnuts in the snow! The power took a little getting used to. It doesn't throw you back in the seat when you step on it, but it gets up and goes so smoothly you don't even notice the acceleration.
As an owner of 4 SUVS and ready to get rid of one I decided to look into getting the Escape Hybrid SUV for its gas mileage. I bought the AWD upgraded 2007 gold Escape with grey leather seats (no option in leather color), rear beeping system, moonroof and navigation. The interior is almost as nice as my 2005 Gold Expedition Limited and the ride is smooth and pickup is fine. It's not as roomy as my Expedition but it's comfortable. I love the gas mileage and am averaging 30 mpg which is double my Expedition. It's a very quiet running vehicle and sometimes at a stop light it's on battery and I don't think it's even on but it is when I press the gas! And it also holds my four golden retrievers!
After driving 1000 miles to see our son in college in our Jeep Wrangler we found we had averaged 16.94 gallons per mile. When we got home, Israel had just bombed Lebanon - that was it, the oil situation could not be getting better so it was time to go green! We purchased our 2007 Ford Escape in July of 2006 and have loved every minute of it. Yes the tax credit has now allowed us to discontinue our income tax from being withheld from our paychecks for the rest of the year (based on IRS estimates of what we've already paid in) but we love the competition to see who can drive the farthest without the gas kicking in, and we really enjoy saving the environment!
I have only had this car for a month, and I am COMPLETELY SATISFIED! The dealers were not fun to deal with, and the one in Orange Park was rude and tried to tell me that this car was trash and a rip off. I love my new car, every time the motor shuts off and goes to battery, it makes a huge difference. It also tells me how good my gas economy is going, and also what mpg I'm getting. Right now I am averaging 28.7, and thats only because I have been avoiding traffic and hitting a lot of highway miles. I love this car. I highly recommend it.
New vehicle for me but so far I'm thrilled. Nice ride and feels solid. Could have a nicer interior but I like that it is configured like a normal vehicle unlike the Prius which has monitor off to the side. Really good power and easy to maneuver. Going around curves did not feel top heavy to me unlike what I've read in reviews. Does have a whiny engine noise when going up steep hills but not so bad that it bothers me.
Once I started driving my Escape I realized how easily it really handles. It can turn on a dime and it steers very easily. The navigation system is superb! The ride is comfortable and the gas mileage improves as you put on more miles. I have obtained an "In Town" mileage of 34 mpg. On long trips I average close to 32 mpg.
Car is generally OK. Gas mileage less than advertised -- no surprise -- but far better than my SUV we traded in. Interior has little storage and few amenities. Air conditioning compressor shuts down when the car is powered by the electric motor only, causing extreme discomfort in Houston summer traffic jams and at stop lights. Can get around it by going to Max AC manually, but then you're on the gas engine, considerably reducing gas mileage. This is not a car for hot, humid climates.
By far the best driving vehicle I have owned. Its CVT transmission is seamless, and unless you are watching the tach, you would never even notice when it switches between gas and electric operation. I don't understand the criticism that a hybrid owner won't save gas money. It was costing us $80 every five days to fill my 23 gallon van to go 300 miles. Now I fill my 15 gallon tank to go 450 miles. By a conservative estimate, I am saving $200 every month in gas.
It drives great like a car and is practical. It gives me a lot of room to work with while not being a gas hog, like my previous SUV's. It is a pleasant surprise out on the open road and is pretty fun.
Plenty of power for on and off freeways plus passing at highway speeds. Power management system is seamless and CVT transmission is so smooth. Comfortable ride and satisfactorily quiet. The current $2600 federal tax credit makes this vehicle's total cost to own reasonable. Overall this vehicle is fun to drive, and the best hybrid value in the market.
What I like best about this car is the feeling of total satisfaction I get. I never write reviews but this car has made me want to brag about it. Nothing but tens in all categories for it. Great handling and steering, fantastic sound system, quick response, great braking, great viewability and the backup warning system has proved to be a valuable asset. While the car was a little more expensive than a regular Escape, I'm satisfied that the fuel savings will make up for it in less than 2 years. Oh wait! There is that nice little tax *credit* too! That chops payback to about 14 months. Topping it off, my 12 year old thinks I'm 'kewl' for going green. What is that worth?
I picked up my 2007 hybrid last week and love it. It's a little more noisy that my Mercedes ML320 was but a lot quieter than our Nissan Xterra. I got $500 off the sticker which is rare given the demand for these. The only thing I don't like is the lack of a satellite radio option on the high-end navigation/radio system. Oh well. I think there will be a lot of other SUV hybrids soon so this car is to hold me a few years until something I like comes out. I wasn't going to shell out $60K for the Lexus hybrid.
Terrific small SUV to drive. I am very surprised of the power (when you need it) with both the batteries and the 4 cylinder gas engine kicking in. It does not take very long at all for the generators to recharge the batteries either. It's not just a small commuter car, there is actually room to take people & luggage to the airport, vacations, etc.
I live in mountain terrain, snow, long way to stores/gasoline. I feel safe & secure, and the 32 mpg makes me feel a bit smug.
I drive on the winding roads through the Santa Cruz Mountains and the car responds wonderfully to all the twists and turns. Also, when going "over the hill" which is sea level to 1800 ft summit in 10 minutes the car is not sluggish at all. It also holds its own on the freeways in the Silicon Valley. Best of all, in traffic stalls, my Escape Hybrid burns no gas at all! We just sit there quietly waiting our turn. We are averaging 29.6 mph. Me and my dog, Bart, love this car!
The Escape Hybrid is fun to drive. It is not as comfortable as our Expedition was, but we are paying for technology and better gas mileage rather than top of the line comfort. We miss the storage place in front of the gear shifter and the covered storage between the seats is too small to hold my wife's purse. We also noticed the air conditioning gets warmer when the vehicle switches from gas engine to electric motor, but if you use AC Max it forces the gas engine to run. The car sounds and feels different from our Expeditions, but it is a smooth comfortable ride with plenty of power to zip around town. We bought it loaded and love it! 
We test drove every full size SUV out there and it came down to the Expedition and the Tahoe. The interior and over all features the Expedition offered was far superior to the Tahoe. We love this SUV and it fits perfectly into our Family and have no regrets. I highly recommend driving this vehicle and comparing. Get it loaded with everything.
Overall, this SUV does what it was designed to do... haul loads with comfort and reliabilty. For the price, it is worth it. Some of the materials are cheap, but the build quality is done well. Space is great and the power is there. On the freeway I get 17 mpg. In the city I get 14 to 15. Hauling 800 lbs it could drop about 1mpg, but not on the freeway, still about 17 unless I am towing. I did install zenon bulbs and a better air filter, which did help. I use 87 octane. The sound system is excellent. The steering and brakes and turning handle as expected, solid, not sporty, but not sloppy. I have 20" wheels and the braking is great. I added my own back up camera, but the 2009's come with one.
I had a 2007 XLT. Unfortunately, it was recently totaled in an accident. The Expedition took the full force of the impact when someone crossed over the line on a two lane road, after rear-ending another vehicle, and hit me. I was not injured. She gave her life for me, I have said to others. All the safety features did their job, as did the vehicle overall. I loved that vehicle. Over 30,000 miles, and not a single problem. Ford has improved in quality. It was so good, that it is the only vehicle I ever bought twice. After it was totaled, I replaced the 07 with a new remaining 08. By the way, I must say,if you get a large SUV, don't complain about the gas mileage. It is what it is.
I bought the limited model. Its already well equiped. I added nav, air suspension, rear captain seats, roof rack, tow package. Mileage is 24.3/gal. with the air & cruise on at 65MPH. Well built strong very comfortable. Just turned 29,000 miles with no problems. Nav is so easy to use. I use it all the time.Touch screen make it so easy. The sound system is like a concert. Clear, clean with no distortion. This is my 3rd one 2003 2004 and 2007. This model is by far the best redesign, ride, fit and finish, and the 6 speed trans works like a dream. Compare options and price, you just cant beat the price for what you get.Crash test? Highest rating. Is your family's saftey worth a few more mpg in a crash? 
I had been planning to upgrade to a large SUV and found that the Expedition offered the best mix of features, utility and value. I found a fully loaded, low mileage model and have been thoroughly pleased with the purchase. The ride is extremely smooth, elegant and quiet. The power adjustable seat is comfortable and easy to customize. The handling is surprising easy for such a large SUV. The vehicle came with second row captain's seats, which makes access to the third row very convenient. The engine has more than enough power for easy and quick acceleration. Gas mileage is about 16 mpg in the city. Dealers are practically giving these away due to high gas prices. Now is the time to buy!
This vehicle hauls 8 people comfortably, effortlessly tows my 5,000 lb trailer, the rear rows fold flat for hauling plywood and has near minivan manners on the road with 4WD available for our Canadian winters. 
I use the Expedition as a true utility vehicle, towing a boat over the mountains, driving off road and carrying people and large heavy equipment. It is very comfortable, handles very well and has a great ride. The only surprises have been positive. I have no issues or problems with the Expedition. 
This is my 1st new Ford. Like the car, but there have been some electrical gremlins (a/c fan, dvd, rear door, cd player). I have to say the mileage is ridiculous, I avg 12.2 mpg. If the engine had more pep I could deal with this, but it is a real dog. My 04 Yukon got about 15 mpg and had much more pep, and my driving has not changed. Yikes! Other than that, is a great car, plenty of room, comfortable, smooth ride, quiet. The power fold 3rd row rear seats is what pushed me to Ford. (awesome feature, so wake up GM) Would definitely buy another. 
I purchased my 2007 Expedition XLT 4X4 primarily to tow a 20' enclosed Wells Cargo auto trailer. Weight of the Expedition loaded is 6700 lbs. and the trailer loaded is 6100 lbs. Very stable and powerful H-D towing package (9000 lbs. maximum), with excellent hyway towing mpg of 12-13 with 5.4 V-8 at 60-65 mph. 
This is my 4th Expedition. 6 spd auto is fantastic, this has tow pkg, geared lower than previous models, city mpg lower, but highway mpg higher. 18 easy, almost 20 if careful. This also has a lot more features included at a lower price than my last 2004.
We've worked our way up to a full size SUV, we had a 2001 Escape, then a 2004 Sport Track. We thought about the F-150 but I liked the idea of another SUV. After driving the Expedition we both loved it and had to have it. Honestly it does not feel huge and handles amazingly. It exceeded our expectations, expecially compared to others in the same class. 
This is the fourth Expedition that we have owned, and it is the best one yet. Love the improvements in steering, and the six speed tranny is silky smooth. Who cares about fuel mileage, buy a hybrid if you are concerned with that, me, I will take the extra space, comfort and safety any day. Love the standard safety features. I have four kids, and the Expedition is the best.
I love the Expedition. The 2007 redesign is great looking on the outside and very comfortable inside. You get many of the features in the high end SUVs such as the Escalade and Denali for much lower cost. It does not feel like a large SUV upon steering, parking, braking etc. Wind noise is minimal at freeway speeds interior cabin is quiet. Tires on the 20" wheels have a nice ride. Towing feels sturdy and safe. This is a solid truck for the cost. 
I owned a 1999 Expedition XLT and I loved it. Put 170K on it. Sold that one and got a new 07 XLT. All I can say is I love it. The ride is smooth. The engine is more powerful. The braking distance is great. It is just a nice vehicle all the way around. Ford has done a good job on this one.
I have the EL and I love it, When driving long trips I wish it had a little bit more umpf when trying to pass. Don't understand Ford's color scheme when they designed my truck. It's the pueblo gold with blk/grey interior trim and blk/peanut butter leather seats. Did my homework and there isn't another SUV that can even come close to this SUV.....Go Ford
We bought our 2007 Expedition Limited in January of this year. For the money you won't find a vehicle with more options. The vehicle overall is great with one exeption. We live in Alaska where it snows frequently in the winter and rains often in the summer. The sunroof has leaked the whole time. We are concerned that it will effect the entertainment center just behind the sunroof. The dealer has attempted seven times now to repair, replace or do whatever it takes to fix the problem. Unfortunately we are in the process of going through Ford to replace the vehicle under the lemon law. 
My wife and I just got married then shortly after we foud out we are going to be having a baby so we decided that it was time for a new vehicle. We looked around drove a couple things and compared how much truck we could get for out hard earned dollars. We had an Explorer together and it was ten years old and ran excellent and drove like a dream but we had to sell it and I was so heart broken. So we found this Expedition, we drove it and we fell in love with it, and even tho the baby isn't here yet I know that that truck will be the safest biggest SUV that my wife can drive comfortably. And she addores it. Well anyways it is safe and comfortable and very spacious and the features are great 
Ford has done it again - what a vehicle. We traded our '04 Lincoln Aviator for the 07 Expedition Limited. With another child on the way, we needed the extra room. We looked at the Escalade and the Yukon, but the comparison wasn't even close. For significantly less money, you get as many, if not more features as those vehicles. This vehicle has as many standard features as our Aviator. The new redesign of the Expedition is fantastic. Moving the gear shift from the steering column to the floor was a no-brainer that should have been years ago. This vehicle handles better than our Aviator did. It has a great ride as we found out on the way to our summer beach vacation. If you choose this vehicle, you won't be sorry!
Say all you want about style and comfort but when all is said and done no other full size SUV offers what the Expedition does for the money. Our XLT has $8000 in options (power fold 3rd row, sunroof, upgraded radio with Sirius, trailer tow package to name a few) This is a lot of truck for the price. I honestly look forward to driving it on weekends. It is not the yacht feel like some full size SUVs. Behaves like a smaller SUV in terms of handling and there are no blind spots as the seat is up high. Also, my wife has fallen in love with the reverse sensors. 
I was debating buying a new vehicle since my '99 Expedition was treating me very well. But the new 2007 came along and I made the mistake of test driving one, after that I needed to have one. The ride and comfort are great in comparison to my 99. The new engine and tranny combo is terrific, it pulls my 5500lb boat with ease and the power is managed well with the 6 speeds. Ford really did well with this design. Gas mileage is better than my '99, the only way it will get better is with a diesel, maybe by 2010. With a kid on the way I am sure I will get my use out of it. 
I got this limited Expedition in the winter time. I like the drive, the style and the convenience of the truck until it turns to the first summer. Many people like the AC seats. That was one of my main reasons to choose this. With a long drive, this seat does not feel cool at all. I took it to the dealer to check it up. They said it is normal. I measured the temperature with AC seat on for a 40- mile drive, the temp under my mid legs is 90 and the back is 94 and they are on the way up. Today, I just found out from a shop foreman, the cooled seats are not cooled by the AC unit like some other competitors do. They are in fact powered by the TE cooler. It is underpowered when the ambient is warm.
This is my 3rd Expedition. Two 2004's and now this 2007 limited. I can tell you that by far that this is the much improved one over the 2004 models. Interior fit and finish is much improved, engine performance is much more responsive, this vehicle is very quiet on the road. The changes that Ford made are right on the money. Not only did they add lots of cool stuff but it is all very functional and they all work together to make the vehicle complete. Folks this is a lot of vehicle, with the best creature comforts anyone would want at a bargain price. Just do your comparison and see for yourself. Option for option this vehicle comes out on top by far.
This vehicle is great. I love having all the room. Gas mileage is not great, but If I cared about that I wouldn't have bought the truck. Also the 2007 Expedition is very quiet. It's not that loud v8 sound you would expect.
I love this truck! I previously leased a Toyota 4-Runner which was much smaller than this and had my mind set on the Tahoe, until my husband wanted me to test drive the Expedition and I immediately fell in love. We added the power liftgate and it has made it so easy to load and unload items. It has a lot of leg room and very comfortable seats. The seats are easy folding especially the third row seat which is powerfold and also very comfortable for adults. especially love the 2 different setting for the seats and gas pedals. I would definitly recommed the reverse sensor if you aren't used to driving something this big. I will definitely buy another one in the future!
I looked at the Yukon, Tahoe, Durango and Armada. The fold flat seats in the third row, and interior styling and the class leading towing capacity sold me on the Expedition. I like that Ford has left a little bling on the exterior, I'm not a big fan of the monotone look on so many other SUV's. The handling is great and I'm thrilled that all passengers are protected with the side and canopy air bags. Gas mileage is better than I expected and I attribute that to that nice smooth 6 speed tranny. My MPG is only about 1-2 MPG less than my 6-cylinder and significantly lighter Envoy. 
This new 2007 expedition is awesome. I have been around a lot of Fords and they really stepped on this one to make it compete with the other full sizes on the interior. We were also considering the Armada and the QX56, but were totally blown away the first time we saw this and got to drive it. 
I owned a 1998 Ford Expedition and decided to purchase a smaller crossover this time. After driving several crossovers, my husband and I decided that we just did not want less power in our vehicle. We then drove several large SUV's. When I decided to drive another Expedition (my husband wanted another one from the start) I fell in love. The changes Ford has made are wonderful. I am really enjoying my new Expedition. I absolutely love the power fold seats, and this was a big selling point for me. It has been a great convenience after having my old expedition. Although my children are teenagers now, this would be a great car for someone with little ones too. 
I traded in my Explorer for the new Expedition. So far it has proven to be a great car. The improvements made to the '07 are great, but there could be more. The adjustable foot pedals are nice, but I wish it had a telescoping steering wheel. It doesn't help me to reach the pedals if I can't reach the steering wheel. I can also not figure out why a cargo net is still not available. I have opened the liftgate several times only to have groceries roll out. Yes, you can open just the top, but it is nearly impossible to reach anything in the cargo area that way. I would highly recommend the power liftgate and convenience package, which includes reverse sensors.
I've leased a new Expedition every 3 years for the last 12 years. The '04 model was Ford's first real effort to improve the overall performance and quality. However, the '07 is outstanding. The ride is the most significant change. Also, the availability of options is very impressive. I now have heated & AC seats, and a remote up/down rear lift gate. The power rear folding seats are worth their weight in gold and the center console shifter is far more convenient. The car has a firmer, tighter, and more stable ride. Allegedly the car has thicker windows and noise suppression metal. I definitely believe it's true. The interior is much quieter while driving than the '04 model.
Very good ride and very quiet. Tight turning radius, reverse obstacle sensor, large side mirrors, adj. pedals and seats all make it easy to drive. Very comfortable seats and I'm already glad I opted for climate controlled ones. Third row is comfortable for adults. Lots of storage spaces and cup holders. DVD entertainment system is great but takes a while to master because it has so many features and optional settings. I definitely recommend the '07 Eddie Bauer Expedition. It has surpassed my expectations. I previously owned a 2000 Mountaineer and prior to that a 1995 Explorer. 
I owned a 2000 Expedition, then a Lincoln Town Car, then a 2004 Ford Explorer and am now very happy to be back in a 2007 Eddie Bauer 4x4 Expedition. The comfort, quietness, and ride exceeds the Lincoln and the utility far exceeds the Explorer. The engine and new 6-speed automatic are smooth as silk but strong as an ox. I really love the 4x4 AWD mode...adds a lot of stability when the roads are slick. Handling is superb...better than most cars I've owned. I must say this new Expedition is the best vehicle I have ever driven...outside my son's Honda S-2000!
We ALWAYS wanted a full-size SUV and of course it was the mileage problem that stopped us from doing so. Having made up our minds to go ahead, 2007 was ideal as the the New Expy was out. We had a lot of SUVs to choose from which made buying one not only tough but almost impossible because the magic dies out if you're unable to choose the right one quickly enough. Stuck between the Armada and the Tahoe, we gave EXPY as look. It was love at first sight. We booked it after few reviews here and there, comparisons and a test drive. Ours is like one of the only ten in the whole country (UAE-1st consignment) and the only one in black. I already feel like a celebrity LOL. It is surely the best in its class!
I purchased the Limited edition with every option and was the first to receive at the dealership in December. The car has come a long way from the previous edition. The interior just as many amenities as my $90,000 Mercedes. DVD entertainment with wireless headphones is great for the kids. Plenty of space. Electric 3rd row folding seats and electric tailgate are more important to me than I thought. Seats are very comfortable. Engine is smooth shifting. Plenty of cupholders and interior space. On 20 inch wheels it rides fantastic at 75 mph. The only thing I still would want is more hp under the hood. Something closer to 400 would have put this on par with anything out there. 
Really surprised at the huge improvement from my 2005 Expedition The ride is like a very high priced limo. Extra space is fantastic. Wish it had video back up system, but the beep, beep is certainly nice. Integration with the navigation system is superb (radio-stereo-iPod-video) much less confusing than my last car. Without a doubt the best vehicle Fford as ever produced. Have to wait and see on reliability.
First trip was to Kaibab forest cabin northwest of Flagstaff for Christmas/New Year 2007. Four days of cold and 1.5 ft of snow. Truck drove faultlessly over back/forest roads in 4WD auto. Heater and all auto defrosters excellent. Independent rear suspension excellent on rough roads. Excellent driving and handling from and to Phoenix on freeways with full load. Mileage up from Phoenix 16.24mpg; down from Flagstaff 17.3 mpg. Nice creature comforts: satellite radio, and DVD for grandson.
I was determined to buy the 2007 Yukon until I drove the 2007 Expedition. I loved my previous Yukon. The fold flat rear seat is a huge benefit for my use. I have just driven 2000 miles the week after Christmas on a trip to the Florida Keys. I was impressed with the 18.5 MPG overall fuel economy with a vehicle fully loaded with camping equipment.That trip included interstate speeds ranging steady 80 MPH to creeping backups on I95, mixed with city driving (sightseeing) and down through the Keys. The seats are comfortable (7 hour stretches), the vehicle is quiet at interstate speeds, and the radio far surpasses the 2007 Yukon. The cooled seats got a workout in the Keys and were great! 
After 7 years it was time to trade in the 1999 Explorer which served me very well. I test drove every large SUV on the market and kept coming back to the Expedition. The '07 model was very comfortable, showed good fit and finish, and handled very well. The electric fold down 3rd row was a strong selling point. Several others just folded the seats and they have to be physically removed to open up the rear. While gas mileage is an issue this one is actually rated as well as my 1999 Explorer 6 cylinder model. I've driven Fords for many years, gave all the others a fair look, and ultimately went back to the blue oval. Take a close look at the 2007 Expedition. It's SWEET!
We were the first to buy our 07 Expedition, right off the truck. It has every upgrade imaginable and we love it. It has a better turn radius than the smaller SUV I just traded in and is very easy to drive for being such a roomy vehicle. My husband is 6'4" and fits comfortably in the third row. And with the button in the back to make the seats automatically go down, it makes shopping or hauling things a breeze. We also have the power liftgate and adjustable pedals which works good for us because there is such a big difference in height when we take turns driving it. Have fun driving this car! :)
I was looking for a large SUV with a flat cargo bed without any gaps such as the 2005 Tahoe. The brochure of the 2007 Expedition showed such a cargo area, but when the truck arrived, I found a large gap on the floor between the second row seats and the rest of the back when everything was folded down. I was about to void the purchase agreement, when the dealer agreed to have a custom flap fabricated to cover this gap. I am shocked that Ford would misrepresent the product in their brochure. Hence the poor rating for interior design.
Well I give Ford full points for this one. I have driven full size SUV's for 12 years and I must say this one is the most fun and best one I have owned to date. I actually look forward to jumping into it and driving off everyday. My Last SUV was a 2003 Tahoe and it was time for a change. I drove them all and Ford gets my dollar this time around. It is most definitely the best bang for your buck when it comes to buying a full size SUV. Great ride, excellent handling, and very very quiet !
This car is Sweet! I can not say enough good things about the improvement from past models. I traded my 03 Eddie Expedition With the 6 speed transmission, it feels like my old LS400 gliding into gears and very quiet. The voice nav will blow you away if you never had one. Very stylish inside and out. I'm really enjoying this ride.
We've owned the vehicle for about 10 days now and we have traveled from Phoenix to Flagstaff to Albuquerque to Dallas and back to Phoenix. The ride and comfort is even better than expected. The road noise is extremely low. The turning radius is very tight. The third row is the roomiest by far and I have test driven just about every full size SUV out there. This third row is not an afterthought, it is by design suited for full size adults. I traded in my Volvo XC90 for this vehicle primarily due to the cramped quarters it presented as our (4) boys are growing fast. Getting in and out is very easy with the smart fold down second row. Even these bench style 2nd row seats recline for added comfort.
I drive a considerable amount of miles per year. This car has been the best and most reliable suv I have ever owned. I would buy a new one without a second thought. Ford really got this one right.
This is my second Expedition. My first was a 2000 model. This vehicle is comfortable to drive, gets decent gas mileage (about 18 mph life of vehicle average) and is great for transporting people and cargo. But at 36,900 miles the front right brake locked up and got super hot. The dealership can't explain what caused the problem. And it is 900 miles out of warranty. This problem hasn't been resolved yet.
We really enjoy our EL. It is fun, safe, roomy, quiet, gives us about 19 mpg on the highway at 70-80 mph. It gives us about 13.8 around the city, and I'll pay for the gas for the added safety of the F-150 chassis. The visibility is excellent, great mirrors, and backup sensors make you look like a pro when parking. The turning radius is better than many "small" cars. The Limited is about 10K cheaper than the Linclon Navigatior and I can't see the value in the Navigator. The Ford gives you everything you need. You can't go wrong with this vehicle. It's worth every cent of the extra fuel that you burn over a crappy little car that you will learn to hate.
My right front brake caliper failed at less than 41000 miles resulting in approx. $700.00 in repairs. Ford Motor Company denied any assistance for the repairs on a vehicle that is TWO YEARS OLD ! I understand that the vehicle was 4000 miles over warranty, however this is a NEW vehicle. I am curious to see if any other Expedition owners have a similiar story to tell. Ford's poor treatment of a long time customer has me doubting my brand loyalty. I am totally dissatisfied with their handling of my situation and advised them I would be sharing my experience with other consumers. 
I bought this SUV due to having an older expedition and loving it. We wanted a little more room and 4 WD. I was worried about fuel and mileage but not worried anymore. I love the leather and the dvd system. Plenty of storage even when the 3rd row seat is up. I recommend this SUV to anyone.
I bought this SUV and loved the interior room. Drives nicely and feel safe on every drive.I was worried about the Fuel Economy; however it is only 1 mile less per gallon than my Toyota Sienna. I do not even notice the mileage difference. Would highly recommend this vehicle. 
A true sports car fan, but must say I really love the versitillity & handling of this vehicle. Ford did a great job on the design both exterior and interior. Bought an 07 closeout so I wasn't able to find all the options desired in the color desired, but love it just the same. The stereo is wonderful and road noise is minimal. Love the extra wide back doors which makes loading of both cargo and people so easy. The leg room is great even in the 3rd row. The only item I still have trouble with are the window buttons. I think it is more of an operator than design. Still under 5K in miles but getting 16 MPG and say that will get better. I feel very safe, easy to handle and a smooth ride.
We drive the wheels off this vehicle (47,000 miles in less than two years) and feel qualified to write a comprehensive review. This is the third Expedition we've owned and definitely the best of the lot. My wife hauls our three sons and their buddies all over the place. I am an 18 year state trooper accident reconstructionist and am thoroughly impressed with safety considerations designed into this vehicle (side airbags down the full length of the cabin, nimble steering, excellent brakes, roll stability control, and traction control). This is a very capable large vehicle, much better than the Excursion or any competitor in overall usefulness and safety. 
We leased this vehicle in December of 06 as soon as it hit the showroom. We don't have a bunch of kids and use it strictly to go back and forth from our vacation home. The vehicle does not hold up well even with just 2 adults. We have had carpet pull loose twice, an armrest break and something happens occasionally at stop lights that feels like another car rear ended us. The dealership tells us they have never heard of this although other owner's Expeditions have been known to do this also. Very underpowered for a vehicle of this size. We don't haul with it, have an F250 for that so I can't think of any excuse. Really glad it's a lease can't wait to turn it in. Going back to GM.
Bought the Expedition, like others, when our third child was born. We ran out of room (even with third row seating) in my 2006 Explorer EB to put all three car seats as well as put a double stroller in the cargo area. This SUV is top-notch. Everything I was looking for in an SUV.
I had a 2001 Chevy Tahoe and decided with our third child on the way That we needed something larger. I love this vehicle. We travel many long road trips and this has been great. I love all the extra room we have in it. 
Purchased mid Nov, 7000 miles in less than 2 month and really enjoyed the drive. Some one needs to wakeup about gas mileage, my 57 olds 98 got better gas mileage.
Having been a loyal Ford customer for several years. I purchased a 2002 Explorer for the fold down 3rd row. since then and 3 kids later and teaching rescue classes I was running short on space for my kids and equipment! After waiting several years for the Expedition EL I have been enjoying it's flexibility from hauling kids & equipment to carrying lumber from Lowes for that weekend project! The EL gives my the capabilities of a full length pick-up while being able to haul dlicate items all in the same trip! Oh yeah... And transport a family of 5!
Wife always wanted large SUV, and when we had our last son, this gave here a reason to move up from Honda Element. We love this truck! Very, very comfortable and roomy. I thought this truck was just too big and excessive until I took it camping. Great for towing, never knew I had anything back there.
We have 3 kids and decided to go back to a large vehicle. So we traded our 2006 Highlander for the Ford EL Limited. Have 7500 miles on it so far and we are very happy with it. Better interior and exterior quality than Toyota. On the highway we are averaging 19.5 mpg on the freeway at 75 - 80 mph. This vehicle is comfortable to drive, has great interior features, fits the family and all the gear, and it is an overall great choice for large families. I am 6'4" tall and have to actaully move the seat forward to get the best driving position. Can set legs totally straight. Interior DVD w/ cordless headsets keep parents sane on long trips. Nav system is excellent. Love the redesign! 
Just purchased. Great ride so far. Haven't bought an American car in 15 years. Gas mileage is fine for size of truck. Rides great. Hauls lots of kids and stuff. Sirius radio/DVD is cool. Will see about reliability. Ford seems to be improving. 
I find this vehicle to be a bit uncomfortable, and the fuel economy is unacceptable as far as I'm concerned. Unless you have money to burn, I would consider a different SUV.
Ford has built a great vehicle. We wanted an SUV that would double as a business vehicle (antiques) and also serve as our primary vehicle. The comfort, sound attenuation, ride, and handling are incredible -- like driving a sports sedan.
Watch out GMC Yukon XL and Chevy Suburban. This Ford has been an excellent vehicle. Expeditions are about $4,000 less than the previous year. The Ford EL Limited has more standard equipment including a wrap around air bag system that protects passengers all the back to the third row. I own a 2004 Yukon XL and went to the local GMC dealer to purchase another for our growing family. Before the purchase, I decided to go to the Ford dealer to see what Ford had engineered with the EL - wow. A joy to drive and more for your money. Do a comparison on Edmunds, but compare apples to apples. The Ford EL standard equipment is optional on the Chevy and Yukon. Test drive for yourself.
Recently purchased the new EL Limited 4X4 after reading all the reviews. Drives very smooth and not like my 99 XLT (which is more like a truck). Can?t wait to drive this SUV around. Handles great, sound system is very nice; interior is a major upgrade, exterior get the ?WOW? effect from on-lookers. I feel like I got my money?s worth here! Good for Ford! It?s about time! 
On our way to CO from TX we got a chance to test AdvanceTrac with Roll Stability Control. I could easily say this technology saved our lives (8 adults WITH luggage). It was dark and a few deer showed up in front of us. We were going ~80mph and my sister instinctively threw the steering wheel sharply to the right. I immediately braced for rollover because a maneuver like that would have surely flipped us over; but it did not. While we fishtailed violently in the aftermath my sister needed only to hold the steering wheel straight. The car regained control soon after and we were all amazed at how it did it. To think what could have happened if this feature hadn?t come standard is frightening.
Top of the line $52K Limited, literally every option. Love the size, comfort, quietness, rigidity, towing capacity and so much more. I owned a 2003 Exp and really loved it. That ownership experience brought me back to buy the new one. Overall Ford has done a spectacular job improving the vehicle. The engine is notably more powerful but the fuel economy still stinks. Of course being over 3 tons what should I expect? My neighbor purchased a new Tahoe, and this Exp kicks it big time! I have had lots of vehicles, and this one promises to be my favorite yet. I do wish it had a backup camera like the Infiniti and I hope when Ford offers it I can retrofit. Nav system needs improved.
This is my 4th Expedition since approximately 1996, the last 3 were Eddie Bauer versions. Without question the 2007 version has undergone the most notable change from any other year. Most significant is the insulation, shifter configuration, ride, and availability of "high-end" features (i.e., heated & AC seats, auto rear lift & close tailgate, navigation, etc.). In my opinion the car is evolving into the Lincoln Navigator (LN) at a rapid pace. Unless the LN is turbo charged and upgraded with a Rolls Royce transmission, these vehicles will be nearly identical in 5-6 years.
The ride is excellent. I have had 7 back surgeries and couldn't ride/drive more than 3 1/2 hrs. I have driven 7 hours with no pain in the Expedition.The memory seats and air/heat seats have really helped me. I need to read and learn how to program seats for my wife a great benefit. The sound system with DVD is awesome. 
After being completely set on a Chevy Suburban we changed our minds after seeing this vehicle. We have only had for a week or so at this point, but LOVE it. It is the size of a transfer truck but handles like a little car. I am IMPRESSED by the comfortable ride and all the nice little features.
Recently purchased this vehicle and went on a 3000 mile trip. This vehicle was very comfortable and provided an excellent ride. The observed fuel mileage exceeded the published values. The new 6 speed automatic transmission is smooth under all loading conditions.
I needed a SUV, fully loaded for family of 5. The EL Limited has exceeded all expectations. Smooth lines inside and out. Voice navigation, A/C for the seat (yes seat). The room is unbelievable. Nicer that most Navigators but cheaper. 9000lbs of towing capacity with auto leveling feature. Overall very pleased.
The overall style and comfort is what I really enjoy.
I looked at all types of vehicles and found that the Expedition EL was the best for me. I love the look and the way it handles on the road.
After extensive research and testing of a large variety of suvs/minivans, I chose the Eddie Bauer Expedition EL. Got upgraded 20-inch wheels, gold on white paint, and it's oh so baaad! Could not believe how much better the Expedition drove than the Nissan Armada, Toyota Sequoia, et al. Expedition has nice exhaust note, but quiet at cruise. Low mpg (15 around town, 18 highway) doesn't bother me, what else would you expect? New interior design is fantastic! Great fit/finish. Smooth transmission. Great ride, even with 20-inch wheels. Luxury features are also top notch. The cornering/handling for such a heavy vehicle is also amazing! None of that "top heavy" feel whatsoever.
Received call today that our EL was in. Loaded the family up and went on a 65 mile run on I-10. 75 MPH. Mileage 19.2. After that, in town, 15.6 MPG. Stereo is straight from Pimp My Ride. The kids said as soon as the thumping stopped - cool! Third row for me at 6'1" is very roomy. 2nd row captains are great. Front seats with heat and A/C are super. Adjustments are luxury at its best. DVD/NAV screen is super. Brightness and ease of use are fine. 3rd row power fold without taking headrest off is great. Only CHEAP is the chrome clad wheel covers.
Love it so far. Haven't had any problems. I think the quality is great and ease of use for the features is my favorite thing about it. 
This is it, great truck for the money. Rides like a expensive car, do not even feel the transmission shift.Two years and still get compliments. Powerful V8, pushes me back in the seat. Leather seats are great for long rides, COMFORTABLE. Great sales person at dealership, still checks on me.
I couldn't be happier with this truck. We just turned in our Mercedes R-class and bought this '07 leftover. It rides better than the Mercedes by a long shot and it's a heck of lot more fun to drive. It has everything we wanted including Nav and RES. I'm looking forward to many many years of driving this thing.
Bought used in December 2008. First car payment and not impressed yet. Tranny had to be worked already. Supposely had the certified check over and they forgot to reset oil light and do the recall tranny then. Hope this is not the beginning of seeing the dealer every month. Gas mileage is terrible reads only 12.3 avg. But I love the look and the interior especially the leather seats and dual climate control. Have not haul anything yet. I so far enjoy it though
This is our first SUV after a series of three mini-vans. The Explorer is very well built with no rattles or squeaks. Since it is built on a truck frame, the ride can be a little rough on certain terrain. I really wanted a Tahoe, but the Eddie Bauer Explorer comparably equipped was 10K less. It is a little smaller vehicle, but for 10K it was worth the difference. 
Love my Explorers, this is 4th one to lease and least expensive, RWD V6 in high $20's others were EB 4X4V-8's near$40G. Never any trouble with any of them, very safe, do almost anything when safely handled. Lowered ground clearance such a plus in ride experience. Get higher mileage lease, you will want to drive it everywhere. Great stereo, Great Visibility, V6 is sluggish when punched, V8's were great and mileage diff miniscule between the two. Power to pull most anything, didn't even need 4x4 on last one in NE OH winter, RWD just fine too. XLT int fabric is boring. Get the leather & heated seats, fantastic. Recommend for anyone with good taste and who expects more from their vehicles
This is the best Ford I have evere owned. My family are Ford truck buyers. This truck is excellent in design and performance. The interior is high quality leather and very quite. Having the fold flat third row seats is something that is essential when hauling kids or large items. The fuel economy isn't that bad considering that there is a 300 hp V8 in it. I get an avg of 19 mpg. This is a great buy for truck lovers or families.
So, I do love my Explorer. Though there are some problems like others have said. The head rest that get in the way, engine takes forever to get up there. I do love the limited. I love the automatic side steps, DVD, navigation, great stereo system. 
I owned an Explorer previously and it was great! Something went seriously wrong with this model. Since I have had it (9 months), I have had the e-brake handle break, the rear struts go out, the seat belt actually come apart, and my drivers seat control panel fall completly off. I didn't even have my car back a week from the mechanic and then this morning water came leaking through the buttons for the reading lights(and no I did not leave my sunroof open). The dealership said one of the drain tubes for the sunroof must have a problem and they would need if for at least three days. So if you cannot tell, no I would not recommend this vehicle, nor would I recomend any Ford prior to 2004.
We bought our 07 in 07 and have over 20k on the clock. It is an awesome road trip car and tows my 4k lb boat very well even with just the V6 (make sure to get 373 gears) we get 19-20 mpg in mixed driving. Bad weather is joke with the traction control and auto 4wd. I wish I had better mpg but it's a body on frame truck that ways 4000+ and has 373 gears, it's only going to do so well. All in all it does very well hauling, towing, and cruising, and I always enjoy driving it.
This Explorer rocks! The most stable and quite vehicle that I have ever owned. I have the 4.6L V8 which has been at 19 mpg city/hwy combined. The only thing that I don't like is the 6 spd tranny. It makes the V8 lag. Should of put the 5 spd that comes with V6. Good quality interior parts. Smooth looking exterior for a truck. Explorer has 13K miles with no problems so far.
I bought this Explorer almost a year ago and have zero problems. I am very happy with it thus far. The 4WD plows throw snow and mud. The traction control is also great in icey conditions. I love the safety features for the family. Everyone who rides along is confortable and satisfied to the fullest. First times usually cant find the exit handle, but I think its kinda funny. The V8 has plenty of power, but hay I could always use a little more. My one compaint is the amount of interior plastic. Come on, can't we spring for something a little more solid.
We just purchased our 07' Explorer and we love it. I have done about 1 years worth of research and had narrowed it down to either the Honda Odyssey or the Explorer. We choose the Explorer because we are still very young and wasn't ready to go to the mini-van yet. This Explorer so far has been great, drives smoothly, no sounds, very stylish and lots of extra room which is very important to us with having 2 small children. If you are looking for a new ride with plenty of room for your family, and cargo storage this one is it. Gas mileage is also pretty good, we get around 22 mpg which isn 't bad considering that it is an SUV, although there is always room for improvement.
I've owned a lot of Fords and this is the worst. The V8 with the 6 speed transmission lurches from 1st to 2nd gear and again when slowing it feels like you've been rear ended. Ford has issued a lot of TSBs and none can fix the problem. Dealer won't or can't do anything for you, and Ford is playing the deaf ear. Mines been in the shop 6 times, had a Ford engineer confirm the problem, and they still won't buy the darn thing back. I'm going the Lemon Law route to get them to take the lemon back. Too bad for Ford!
This iteration of the Explorer has been given a bad rap by the Consumer Reports mavens. It's a competent, comfortable, reliable ride with only one bad habit: it drinks too much. If you need serious hauling capacity, sweet highway manners, bad-weather & bad road capability, and aren't averse to a little interior luxury, this ride deserves a look. I've had it for almost a year, and it's been a pleasure from day one. It laughs at winter (and we've had a bad one so far).
Enjoy the driving of the car. I drive long distance, it is comfortable, excellent acceleration, handling is great. Drives similar to my Mercedes Benz. Great improvement from the previous model. Dashboard is elegant, and instrument panel are easy to read. Great features, such as suede, heated seats, memory seats and on-board computer.
Bought a 1 year old rental through a dealer - $20K less than new price. Alternatives considered were mini-vans (domestic and Japanese), other mid size Japanese SUVs. Though reputation was strong for Toyota, I found Highlander was very cheap feeling and felt I was doing better here. After 4 months with the vehicle, I am very happy with it. No problems, good fuel economy (highway) though nasty when driving only short distances in town with a cold engine. Traction and control in Canadian winter is amazing, easily able to take logging roads that left other vehicles stranded - with barely a reaction from the traction control system.
Picked up the Explorer in March of 07, so far it has been one of the best SUVs that I have owned. Taking it to Vegas twice getting about 22mpg. Feels and handles great. Acceleration from 0- 40 great no problems at all. I opted for the V-6 engine since I only drive on the highway and don't do any heavy towing. DVD Entertainment system was a must for my 2 year old daughter. Overall I am very happy with my Ford.
I've had my explorer for about a year now and i still hate it. first off i'm a mountain biker. When i tried to haul a trailer full of weight weenis CrossCountry mountain bikes the Explored bogged down. also there needs to be some fairly substantial mud flaps on this car. Very disapointing V8. No one can figure out where the inner door handles are and the outside look is about as plain as you can get. this car is unbelievably clumsy and lurpish in real 4 wheelin situations i don't trust it. 
My 2007 Explorer rides very well, the seats are comfortable, and the interior noise is minimal. The driver buttons/controls are well laid out. The tan leather seats look dirty after six months, and the leather does not continue into the rear pockets in the seat backs. The V8 drives nicely, and the transmission is very smooth, except when coming to a stop, where it jerks forward and makes a clunking sound when from 2nd to 1st gear. The dealer recalibrated the transmission...issue is not resolved at this time. 
We just are getting to the one year anniversary of our Explorer. We love it! Plenty of room for our kids and their soccer, baseball, volleyball stuff, etc. We just finished a trip to Houston, about 350 miles round trip and got our best mpg yet, a little over 22 hwy! That was with mid-grade fuel and running 75 mph for the most part with some Houston traffic built in. Here's hoping the 2nd yr report is as positive! 
Ford really hit a home run with the Ironman package! Not only do I like exterior appearance with the black cladding but the two-tone interior against the metal look dash sets off nicely. The heavy duty rubber floor mats are perfect for an SUV. The only thing Ford could do better is fit and finish. They do such a good job everywhere else I hope that they can get everything to line up better in future models. 
Have had my Explorer for just over 3 weeks now and just love it! I have had Ford Trucks for about 18 years and wanted something with more room. It drives so much nicer than a truck and I find myself alot more comfortable in the Explorer. I love the chrome both inside and out and feel that Ford made some great choices on the interior. Sure the rear headrests are big but I just fold them down and have no problem seeing out. The V-6 is fine for me since I don't plan on hauling anything and the ride is nice and smooth, handling is great! The Explorer is built solid and has a great design with quite a bit of room inside. I'm lovin' it! and feel you would also...
I drove the Toyota 4 Runner, Jeep, Hummer H3, Comander and Nissan Pathfinder. All were OK but the Explorer won out. It had more room and the ride was great. I had a 95 and this one stickerd for $5,000 less with similar options etc. I cannot believe how much better it got in 2 years. I got the Iron Man because I do not like to be a little different. Unlike the 05 the back is totally flat. I just love this SUV. I am 62 and drive on the beach so a 4X4 was a must. I had 0 porblems with the 05 with just over 40.000 miles. I leased that one. I bought this one because I plan on keeping it 10 + years and put to many miles on the last one. 
I traded my 98 Expedition in on my new Eddie Bauer Explorer. I loved my Expedition and had a hard time giving it up. Have been driving the Explorer for a little over a month now and no major complaints, this truck is pretty awesome. My rear headrests fold down, so no obstruction visually. The looks of the Explorer inside and outside I really like, more so than any other mid-size SUV I looked at. A friend of mine bought one and I guess seeing it a lot it sort of grew on me. His "roof console" came loose a few months after he bought it, but the dealer took care of it no charge. So far so good with this vehicle.
This is my 3rd Eddie Bauer Explorer. I needed to special order to get a 5-passenger V-8 with the leather/suede interior. It was worth the wait. As the vehicle is routinely loaded with 400 - 900 pounds of cargo, the V-8 was a must. This Explorer has a base weight 500 lbs. more than the '98 V-6 it replaced and the V-8 is needed for decent performance when loaded. Around town mileage is about 13 with vehicle not yet broken in. This is about the same as my past V-6. The added size vs. the past model makes it the max. that will fit in our garage, and one mirror must be folded to do so. Good build quality and, overall, still the best of mid-size SUVs but see below for design-related concerns.
We have not owned the Explorer long but so far we love it. We really planned on buying a Tahoe, but we bought the Explorer similarly loaded for $9,000 less. Of course, the Tahoe is a little bigger and we actually thought it drove just a little better than the Explorer, but not 9K worth. The Explorer seems solid as a rock, no rattles or squeaks whatsoever.
I love this 2007 Ford Ironman Explorer. It has just enough room yet not to big. The mileage could be better, but I'll live with it. It's fun to drive and I feel safe. I have 3 grandchildren and needed room for them. The 3rd row gives me that.
SUV is a fine vehicle except for the fact that I have to drive a mile or two before it will upshift into the higest gear. This contributes to excessive noise and kills gas mileage
Just bought mine this month and it's a nice car, but there could be some improvement. Like the floor mounted shifter gets in the way when I'm driving and trying to change the A/C setting or when I'm trying to look for on coming traffic and the oversized rear headrest get in the way; both 2nd and 3rd row. And there seem to be a little bit of lag in the 6 cylinder engine in range acceleration. Other than that everything else is good and since I keep the 3rd seat folded down I can at least see out of the rear window. Rear quarter windows are a different story.
'07 E.B. Explorer 4x4 V8 is our 5th Explorer/Mountaineer since 1997. Our new Explorer is the best riding and quietest by far. We do get some wind noise on the highway but the interior cabin is very quiet. We opted for the 'preferred Suede' seating. It's soft to the touch and my wife I are happy because neither one of us like leather (it all feels like Vinyl to us.) The ride is very comfortable. Access to controls are good. We don't know if the climate control has a problem or if there's a design issue, but we have to keep the temp at 76 or higher to stay warm. Not thrilled about the huge headrests in the 2nd row - blocks view so we folded them down. V-8 doesn't 'seem' as powerful?
I have test driven almost every SUV and crossover in the market that were all similarly priced. I have never owned an Explorer in the past, but this is an unexpected pleasure. This truck is one of the best SUV's that I have ever driven. The ride is quiet and smooth and I don't know why it has been written that the Explorer V-8 needs more power, this truck can haul! Low end and highway. The interior is smartly designed and easy to navigate though. The Nav system and DVD system are also very easy to use. The sound system is outstanding. Keep up the good work Ford you have a repeat customer.
We just bought a Eddie Bauer V6. Traded up from an 02 Sport Trac. It rides so much better than the Sport Trac. We did not get all the goodies but what we got for our money was a very good value. Looking forward in 3 years to getting a 2010 model. It will be here soon. 
Pick up the truck 2 days ago. During the first 2 days of ownership, I have to say that we enjoy the truck very much, quiet, smooth, wonderful stereo (audiophile) equipment, user friendly DVD and fully integrated Nav system. Independent suspension is probably one of the best in the market. Ventilated disks are very responsive. The award winning V8 definitely deserves its reputation as one of the top 10 engine of the world. The gas mileage is the same as Duratec V6 and is better than most trucks in the market including Japanese competitors.
Just bought the XLT with the V8 fairly loaded. Traded up from a 2002 XLT. Very happy so far. Had to hunt around NJ to find a XLT with a V8 and the 2007 appearance package, which makes it look a lot cleaner. The new V8 is awesome, quiet with a little growl when stepped on. Very smooth acceleration. Would not buy the V6, just too slow. Extremely quiet and confident ride. Also, the best thing about any Explorer that nobody talks about is that the seats are very comfortable. Perfect seating for cruising around with your arm hanging out the window on a nice day. Like a real truck. 
Quiet, comfortable ride....roomy and satisfactory power..would make a good family vehicle...great for trips ...more flexibility than traditional explorer I do have issue with lifespan of the seat covers-cloth Had a sunroof installed and tonneau put on. I have nearly all options on this one now...and really holding value
My lease is finally over! I really enjoyed this wanna be truck, too bad the gas mileage was not great. 16 mpg on a good week of city driving. I wish the new 2009 was out but not at the dealer yet. Two things need to improve, the gas mileage and the small compartments in the bed should be waterproof and with locks of some kind. I am really gonna miss this one.
This is my second Sport Trac. I owned an 04 model and loved it. I decided to upgrade to the 07 model because, I loved the overall look and larger size and when I saw the chrome package, along with all the extra interior amenities this one offered over my 04, I was hooked. The gas mileage is not quite as good as my old TT, but the power from the V8 more than makes up for it. I have had a lot of positive comments on this truck. She is a keeper!!!
Got rid of my TrailBlazer for this and got the way better deal. Build quality over GM is superior. Rides like an SUV, but I can pack 22 bags of leaves into the back. I drive 52 miles to work every day, 
I previously owned a 2004 Sport Trac, the 2007 version is a much better vehicle, quieter, quicker, better handling and more roomy. When I drive down the highway, the Limited edition is as tall if not taller than many F150's and Chevy trucks. The handling is car-like. The Sport Trac does well in snow and rain where the 2004 felt like it could get away at any time.
Great truck overall. Great comfort on long drives. Highway best gas mileage 21mpg. Fuel economy bad overall. Average 14 mpg. Shifter problems normal on recall with Ford. Had rear end go out at 18000 mi. Fixed on warranty after week wait for part.
Love this truck. I tow a 4500 pound travel trailer and I have no complaints with performance.I would not think twice about towing a heavier trailer. The Sport Trac is very comfortable and fun to drive. 
I use mine daily in the constuction industry. I travel a lot and commute daily around the Dallas area for projects. Overall, the truck is great. Excellent acceleration, interior room, decent trunk space & adequate towing. It is highly functional for the American family. Plenty of room for the kids in the cab & space in the trunk to bring stuff home from Home Depot. Lumbar support is nonexistant, as long trips can be brutal on the lower back.
I purchased my Sport Trac a month ago and I've been nothing but impressed with the truck. The bed is awesome, I can put groceries in it and use it as a trunk or load items in it like a bed, as I have done both. The ride is very quite and smooth, you have to get the V8, which is powerful and quiet. The gas mileage, so far, is about what I expected and I anticipate about 13- 15 mpg in town and 18-20 on the hwy. These trucks can be a car, truck and SUV, all in one. Best vehicle purchase I've ever made and I've had Toyota, Nissan, Ford and others. 
My wife has a 2002 Explorer which we love. The newly redesigned Explorer and Sport Trac are even better. My truck is quieter, safer, and slightly better on gas. It is also a great compromise for people who don't want a full size truck but still want the capabilities of one. The only problem I have experienced so far was a jerky transmission, which was fixed under warranty by adjusting the computer settings. Some improvements: needs more cushioning in the steering wheel. I drive two hours to work and I find my hands getting sore frequently. Put the shifter back on the column. It isn't as "cool" but you have a lot more space on the center console. 
All things equal, I like this truck a lot. It does what I wanted it to do, and 21 mpg on the highway is slightly better than what I thought I'd get. Power is good, comfort is good, not great (cloth seats). However, there are a couple things I'm a little irritated by: The tailgate has literally come off in my hands four times in the past year, and I'm told "that's the way it was designed," to come off easily so it could be replaced with the tailgates that allow air to flow through (don't know the term for them). That's fine, but this is very, very poorly thought out. The tailgate should not accidentally come off; there should be a latch or other device that needs to be disabled first.
Easily fits five adults, very pratical, seamless automatic four wheel drive, awsome towing power for a small truck, independent suspension gives a car like ride, rear sliding window is great for hauling a few 12 foot pieces of lumber, storage areas in the bed are perfect for tools, ropes, bungee cords etc. The Sport Trac gets decent mileage considering it is a four wheel drive with a V-8. An average tank gives 19 miles per gallon with a mix of highway and around town. I traded my 2002 Sport Trac for this one. It had 120,000 miles and all I did was tires at 70k and all 4 brakes at 90k plus oil changes. 
This is a great truck in a mid-size. Not as big as the F150 and still packs a punch with the V8. I have a boat that I trailer around all the time with no problems. The inside is roomy and comfortable and the amount of plastic used is minimal which gives the truck a rattle-free ride and a nice luxury feel. The exterior styling is functional (no non-functional hood scoop) and still looks tough and not "girly" like the Tacoma or Frontier.
I wasn't even looking at Ford. Thought I would look at the Explorer and ended up driving it off the lot. I was initially very impressed with car, still am sort of. It has just had too many problems. Transmission is horrible. It keeps shifting as I decellerate to a stop. Very jerky tranny. Ford said they were aware of the problem, but didn't have a fix. They eventually "reprogrammed" the transmission, which worked for a while, but it's acting very jerky again. Have had issues, gear shifter, and exterior lights too. I may have just gotten a bad one, nonetheless I'm not buying another Ford.
I owned a 2003 Sport Trac for 5 years, love the truck. Can't think of one bad thing. In 2007 when Ford came out with the V-8 engine, I though wow that will be great. So I purchase one with the V-8 engine, and I love everything about the V-8, love that power. But on my Sport Trac V-8 engine, if you let is sit for a day or two, when you start the engine, it will burn oil and blue smoke like a dog. Had it in the shop a few times, of course the computer has everything good. I believe it is valve guild seals, and of course Ford do not want to open the engine, as I don't want a new truck that someone had to do engine work on it.
I purchased a 2003 Sport Trac XLT and kept it for three years with 12,000 miles per year. Like it so well that I went and purchased a 2007 Limited with a V8 and like it even better. 
I was in the market for a new or used vehicle that made since for home ownership and a new baby boy. I owned a 2004 Ford Ranger and enjoyed it, but needed more room for two small dogs, and the three of us. I was looking at the Toyota Tacoma but found the price and the fact that you had to use premium fuel ludacris. I didn't make it to the Nissan dealership for the frontier quad cab but went through USAA and ended up buying the Explorer Sport Trac that night below invoice. This vehicle is a "SUT" Sport Utility Truck according to my insurance policy. What more could you want, reminds me of an F-150 with suv comfort, and a truck feel. 
I have had my Sport Trac for over a year now, so I thought I would provide an updated review. I am still a big fan of this truck. Handling and comfort are great. It feels stable in all conditions I am 6'7" 250 lbs and I have plenty of room which is great because I am in the truck most of the day. The fold flat rear seats provide me a "mobile office" platform, yet the open bed allows for the occassional bulkier item. I have 16,000 miles and fuel economy hovers at 20 in mixed driving. I have had no issues, nothing falling off or not working. Everyone I know loves my truck, and 3 friends have actually got one after seeing mine. I did extensive research before buying, and I am very happy.
I love the way my '07 Limited drives, I can't drive the vehicle enough. The traction control is great. I had an 05 Adrenalin SportTrac and the difference is night and day. The independent suspension and much quieter ride are a huge improvement over the '05 models. Corning ability is also greatly improved. The truck rides much smoother as well. 
I purchased this "redesigned" vehicle as it was the perfect vehicle to tow the 17' fishing boat and the still have room for the kids. I recently went to rent a smae 6'x12' enclosed trailer to do some moving. Much to my surprise this National company refused to rent me the trailer citing that "the vehicle is a high rollover risk when towing". I checked with my insurance company and verified that the vehicle was at high risk for roll over when towing, in fact they want to triple my premium no that I broght it to thiier attention. Needless to say I am exploring either Lemon Law remedy or at least consumer fraud.....This vehicle seems to have become a bad buy!
I am not really sure what the reviewers think they are driving, but my Sport Trac handles well both on the highway and off road. Road repair in my area is mostly bad and the Sport Trac handles all of it very well. Off road in the 4x4 Low setting and the V8 engine, it simply powers it's way up what ever rut trail I've traveled on. As for the cabin space, I am over 6 foot and I find quite roomy as does the rest of my family of four. It has excellent pickup for a truck it's size from standing starts and it gives the power to pass with a full trailer load as well. I am very satisfied with my Sport Trac. 
I like the truck a lot. It is the perfect city truck and can really haul but if you want it to. It handles well and fits in a parking spot!
I wanted a truck, but didn't want a full size. Did a lot of research and found this truck to be the best choice out of them all. I get better fuel numbers than i ever thought. Just did a 3000 mile trip and averaged 24 on the highway, and thats with cruise set at 75. Went camping on this trip and the truck was great. Stuffed it to the max. I was able to fit something everywhere. I love all the storage. Toyota needs to get over itself. You can't go wrong with this truck. All I've had to do is change the oil. Granted I've only had it for 5000 miles, but I'm thoroughly impressed with everything this truck brings to the table. Ford is coming back for a reckoning. 
Cool SUT. Ford Sport Trac won over the Honda with the funky door handles and truck like interior. Toyota can't even put cruse controls on the steering wheel. Replaced the air box with an air intake and acceleration is fantastic on the V8. Mileage city 14- 17 depending how you drive. HIway is 19-28 again depending how you drive. Interior matches the Ford Explorer which is nice. Door hands are different and very easy to use. Ride and comfort are as good as the best SUV on the market. Grab handle for passenger could be higher. Overall an SUT that can do it all. 
I bought a new Ford Ranger in 2003 and loved it. 4.0 auto 4X4 averaging 19 MPG. My daughter had bought a used Sport Trac the year after. I drove it a few times and thought it was a great vehicle. When it came time to replace the Ranger I looked into the new 2007 Sport Trac and was impressed with the improvements. It has all the bells and whistles I wanted and I found I didn't use the full size box on the Ranger very often so the Sport Trac was a better fit for me now. The Sport Trac handles great, it's quiet, the V6 gives me all the power I need, a really well balanced vehicle. Very happy with the purchase.
Replaced my S10 crew cab with the Sport Trac. Ford did a really nice job with this truck. It handles much better than my S10 and is very comfortable. I really like this truck and would highly recommend it. It feels very solid and safe.
Have owned a 2003 SportTrac, but the 2007 is far superior in fit and finish. I purchased the '07 SportTrac at its introduction in fall of 2006. I have approximately 27,000 miles on this vehicle and it's great to drive. Handling is excellent and it has great curb appeal and really draws a crowd. I am always complimented on "What a great looking Truck". Currently having problems with the ceramic brake pads installed on vehicle making a loud screeching sound. Upon servicing, dealer states pads are good and that problem was road debris in calipers. They shot compressed air to remove so called debris but screeching continues. Stay on top of this as pads are very expensive after dealer markup.
This is my first Ford after years of GM and Honda. I must say that I like my Sport Trac better than my wife's Pilot. The driver's seating seems to have been designed for me. I am very comfortable driving this vehicle. Build quality is great and the vehicle is very tight. I have not had a single issue since I bought this truck. Gas mileage could be better - but it could be worse. 
Just traded back to the Sport Trac, and am so glad I did. The '07s ride is 1000 times better than the '02, and better than the Tacoma also. I love this truck/SUV, and am so glad to be a Ford owner once again. Many more options than the Toyota for the same price.
Read these reviews and had to have a Sportrac. I have 3k miles on the truck and I get 17.8 mpg with the 6cyl in town. Drives like a sports car yet is smooth as a big car on the road. No complaints in Houston heat with air conditioner as others have mentioned. A must is the rear slide window and electric front seat. Spend a little extra for the Limited it makes for great curb appeal. I also got the electronics package with audio and a/c controls in the stearing wheel. Nice extra. The back up alarm is a nice feature to keep you from running into something or someone. Overall I am well pleased, guess time will tell about maintenance problems. I would have to rate this one a 9.5 plus.
Vehicle is everything the manufacturer claims it to be! Ride, drive, performance are outstanding. Plus, very quiet inside.
Researched all lines of truck like this and found the SportTrac the best looking and functional fit. The complete redesign for 2007 puts it way ahead of the competition. Recommend trying and deciding for yourself instead of heeding the biased reviews given domestic cars and trucks today. Go Ford!
It was the only truck that would fit into my garage, have the capacity to tow my trailers, fit 5 people and have all the interior refinements I wanted. I get between 22-24 MPG highway driving so that's better then what it is rated at.
Sport Trac has plenty of room inside, and a very smooth drive which is good for long drive. Very pactical and versatile. The rubber molded floor is great and much easier to clean than the carpet considering I work in a dusty and muddy enviornment. 
A good looking truck along with the V8 power made it attractive to me. The car-like ride, handling and good visibility made it attractive to my wife. If you are looking for a good towing vehicle that will fit in your garage, this is it. We test drove quite a few trucks before deciding to purchase, but it was an easy decision based on the price/available options/and nice design. There are some areas that could use some updating and the service you get from a Ford dealer is a little shaky - but the vehicle is very solid, quiet and easy to drive.
I have not bought a Ford in 20 years. This is a homerun because I use it for hunting and fishing, wet dogs and all. With dogs and all on outside, comfort is inside. Features are fine for price paid. 20K miles and no problems.
I've had the truck for 3 months now, and love it today just as much as the first day I drove it! Quiet ride even at high speeds. Quiet engine and handles well. I enjoy the bed extender and the little extras like compartments in the truck bed. Truck looks nice and has a relatively smooth ride especially for a SUV. Very comfortable. Love the mounted controls on the steering wheel and dual climate. 
I had a 2001 Sport Trac and I really loved it; however, my new 2007 is even greater than my old one. I like how the new ones are on the Explorer frame now instead of the Ranger's. The exterior design is a lot better as well as the ride. I am glad Ford made the wheel base longer and added a V8 as an optional engine. 
Before purchasing this vehicle I test drove the Honda Ridgeline. I needed a truck to handle small chores so I checked out an F-150 but it was more than my pocket would allow. The Sport Trac is just what I needed! Great ride,very roomy, and the bed is big enough for the small chores I need to accomplish. The six cylinder engine provides me with enough power. A great value for the money. The Honda Ridgeline is a bit pricey and very hard to see out of the rear window, even though I did like the large compartment in the bed. I was really impressed with the Sport Trac's ride and inside headroom.
just bought the new 07 Sport Trac-- what an improvement! This is our 4th one(01, 04, 05). The ride with the new frame and rear axle is vastly better. The V-8 gives more power and better mileage than the old V-6 with the 4.10 rear axle. We bought a loaded Limited model and were most impressed with the upgrades. Only possible criticism would be that the console mounted shifter takes away the small storage tray the old model had. Overfall a big upgrade for Ford. 
I really love this car. I had been wanting to get this car for the past year. After someone hitting me in the end of 2006, I was then willing to buy one if I could get a good price. I got a FULLY loaded Limited for $26,000 with tax and all other junk! About $7500 off MSRP! I really love the truck now.
Not a bad ride. My 4WD unit rides nice, and handles well. Traction control works great. Mileage hovers right around those listed - even better sometimes on the highway. The sound system in mine (6 CD stereo w/ MP3 playback) sounds really good. Mine has the power pedals, but they hardly get used.
This is the second ST I owned. Sold the first back in 2003. This truck is a dramatic improvement. Serves my needs, space for the kids and my outdoor fun. The ride is smooth and comfortable. The V6 gives plenty of power for every day use. Also, the look is much better than the ugly Ridgeline.
Drove the Sport Trac on a 3000 mile round trip, it rode very smooth and was very comfortable. MPG avg. was around 20-21 hwy. Got the 4.6V8; has plenty of power and is a very quiet engine. It would be very hard to go back to a car after this ride.
The 2007 Limited has a lot of nice features that distinguish it from the XLT. The quality, ride, handling, and comfort are more than expected. The truck is solid and have experienced no issues at all since driving it off the lot. A real winner!
Have had the vehicle for a month now and am a big fan. I'm 6'7" and have plenty of room inside. I have the V6, and power is acceptable although it is not the fastest around. Mileage has hovered around 19 mpg in the first 1200 miles in mixed driving I don't have any need to tow anything and the small bed accommodates my need to carry the occasional bulkier item. I did a lot of research prior to purchase, and this vehicle matched my needs at the price I wanted. The XLT Appearance package adds a nicer look with bigger wheels, etc. and is a fun ride. 
I have had my truck for about 5 month & I love everything about it. I was brought up on Chevrolet but when I to buy my pick-up (yes I consider it a pick-up) I saw the Sport Trac, took a test drive & I was sold. It rides & handles like a dream. Plenty of room on the inside for my 6 foot plus two sons, extra storage space behind the rear seat plus hidden space in the bed. I have never been a Ford fan but now I am sold. The V-8 may not be the one of the best for gas mileage but it has plenty of get-up-and-go! If you are worried about that get a 6 cylinder. I really like the auto 4-wheel drive & the stability control. The window sticker is a lot lower than expected on a vehicle with this much wow.
Fun to drive, and stylish. Not terrible gas mileage for this type of vehicle. With the addition of Dynomax exhaust you can realize more low end grunt, slightly better mileage and a pure performance sound. Interior is very comfortable once you get used to the low slung door handles. Entrance can be tricky if your over 6' however. The 6 speed auto needs work to be considered a performance transmission. Fly by wire system is what it is I suppose, although I would trade it for cables in a heartbeat. 
This is a great truck, and the value is there. It handles very well at road speeds, and is predictable in mountain driving. I did add a fiberglass tonneau cover, which improves riding quality and fuel economy somewhat. It turns heads where ever I drive it. This is a great truck. It handles well.
Have owned this vehicle for about a month now. Looked at other vehicles but decided on this one for several reasons. The V-8 is O.K. but could use more bottom end torque. Runs good up high but should pull better down low. Mileage is disappointing even considering the type of vehicle it is. Good transmission. Quite comfortable. Wish I would have got the reverse sensing. Not easy to back up. Pulls 4200 lb. boat quite well. Overall a good vehicle, but the low first gear in the transmission doesn't make up for the relatively poor low end torque. The 5.4 litre motor would be a better choice if was available. Mileage would be about the same. Still the 4.6 is better than V6.
I would buy a Sport Trac again. It is a great vehicle, drives and handles well and is perfect for someone who needs a truck only sometimes. HoweverI rated the exterior and interior design below average because the Ford design team missed some simple features that would make the vehicle much more easy to use.For example the storage compartment in the bed is unreachable unless you crawl up on the bed. I?m 6?5? and I cannot open the compartment, you would need to be built like an ape to use this compartment effectively. The other issue with this compartment is it does not lock, but considering how hard it is to access maybe the Ford design guys felt it was too difficult for a thief to access? 
Excellent truck for my needs. Carries 4 to 5 persons inside with excellent total comfort. Truck bed suits my needs, carries my dive equipment, bicycles, small furniture, plants and small trees. I would not use this vehicle for major hauling or construction work. Rides great on the road and very good on roads that are not paved. Since this one is 2 wheel drive, I have not taken it way off road. I purchased this vehicle after extensive research and test driving all similar types. Whether this truck will hold up as good as the foreign makes over the the long long haul, only time will tell. 
Over 5500 miles on my Sport Trac, really enjoying it. Had a problem with a soft brake pedal, but the dealer has since fixed it. The v8 engine and 6 speed transmission work well, I have towed my 4000 lb travel trailer over 2000 miles, lots of power in the mountains. Fuel economy - only 9.5mpg towing, but my last tank unloaded on the highway (60-75mph) lasted 415 miles, for 19.88 mpg. I recommend this truck.
I special ordered my Sport Trac with 95% of the options to include the Chrome Package, reverse sensors, Class III/IV tow package, V8, leather interior etc. The ST fits comfortably in the garage so you don't have to leave it parked out on the driveway. I will be using my truck to pull motorcycles trailers and for any other utility need that we might have. My only complaint is that it would be nice to get slightly better gas mileage but you can't win em all. 
I looked at a lot of SUV's and came upon the Sport Trac almost by accident. This car/truck is roomy and fun mine is equipped with almost every option. The gas mileage seems to be pretty good so far.
I am a large person and I am very comfortable in the truck. My wife says the same. Handles and runs great. Having trouble finding accessories for the 2007 Sport Trac. Every one tells me not for another 2 to 3 months.
I really love this truck. It drives really nice and not too bad on gas. It's really great to move things and just to drive around town too.I did my homework on this truck before I bought it. The 2007 model is on the Explorer frame, instead of the Ranger frame and that makes a big difference. 
I was about to trade in my '98 F150 for an 06 F150 King Ranch when I read the write up on the Sport Trac. I test drove one and was hooked. I bought the Limited, 4wd V8 and after 2000+ miles am absolutely delighted. It is peppy, handles great, is extremely quiet and pulls my boat out of the lake with ease. The best thing (or possibly the worst) is my wife also loves to drive it. She very seldom drove the F150 but I can't keep her out of the Sport Trac. This is a real winner, don't test drive one unless you are really ready to buy a new vehicle. 
Bought my truck just this past Saturday and already have 500 miles on it. I really like it. My gas mileage is averaging around 16.5 or 17 right now but I'm hoping that gets a little better as it breaks in and I get more used to driving it. It's already better mileage than the Dakota I was driving. The bed is small, but my dirt bike does fit which was a must for me. The V8 engine sounds good and runs smooth, but I haven't really stressed it yet. The driver's seat fits me well -- I'm kind of wide at roughly 240lbs. It has Sirius satellite radio, but I will be adding an iPod adapter soon. The radio sounds really good with the subwoofer behind the back seat. 
I think this is an excellent smaller type truck for a woman or young girl. It has tons of storage space is very pretty. Mine has four doors and side air bags with a 40/60 rear seat and lots of extras. I just love it...and I am an older woman. It is much sturdier built than the smaller trucks the size of the Ranger but not a full size truck. I have not had it long enough to rate the gas mileage but it seems good so far.
I love this truck! I've owned 3 Rangers before this and a F-150. The Sport Track is like a mini F-150. The ride, handling, noise levels are so much better than the previous generation Sport Trac. I would highly recommend checking out this truck
Had my 07 (V6) for two weeks now, It is in a new world versus the other years. Just hope the fuel economy gets a little better after a few more miles. The ride is more like a car than a truck. Got the gold color and it's very easy to keep clean.
Great redesign. fun and comfortable to drive. Especially compared to my Dodge Ram.YUK! Moonroof and tonneau cover make it even more enjoyable. Door handles take some time to get used to. Picked up one week ago haven't stopped driving yet.
All I can say every time I get inside and drive is "WOW"! Great ride, great handling, very quiet, sweet engine, 6-speed automatic behaves very well. Please, if you are testing Tacoma, Frontier, Ridgeline, try this truck. Get the V-8. I've always been a Toyota guy, but Ford has really done a great job with this one. It's nicer than the F-150, which is by far the best full size pickup. 292 horsepower, fully boxed truck frame, fully independent rear suspension, and it rides like a luxury car on the highway!
The interior is not well designed. The door opener is ok, but the grip on the door is awkward; it's hard to grab to keep the door from swinging too far, and at a bad position to close. The interior/exterior temperature gauges are small and hard to read. The message center is in the middle of the dash, but the speedo is hard to read through the steering wheel. The parking brake release is hard to reach and cramped. There is no indication on the dash as to what gear you're in. There is no way to manually shift out of the overdrive(s). The flip-over rack was bent and the locks wouldn't work. When you flip the larger back seat down, there is a big gap between the back of the seat/cab.
Having had 2 previous Explorers, this is by far the best. Ride quality and handling are much improved with the new platform. The v-8 gives it a needed power boost and seems to do as well as the 6 cylinder on mileage. The interior is outstanding as well as the new exterior design.
Have been driving it for over a month now and I am completely satisfied with my decision in the purchase. Smooth and comfortable ride that no other truck could beat!
This is my third Sport Trac and it's a 100% improvement over the other two. It rides a little stiffer but the other improvements make it more fun to drive. I would not consider owning any other vehicle. I really like it.
Have only owned this vehicle for a few weeks. But, it is so similar to my wife's '06 Explorer I had a pretty good handle on the rig before purchase. It handles very well and gives a quiet, comfortable ride. The steering and suspension systems feel positive on turns with no lean or sway. Mine has the 4.0L engine and it does not lack for power. It pulled my utility trailer with ATV aboard easily. Is the Sport Trac really a truck? Well ... maybe, sort of, I guess, but you won't realize it until you look in the rear view mirror. It is a very pleasing step up from my trade in, an '04 Ranger FX4. The five star crash test rating was a plus.
Traded a 99 F-150 for this vehicle. So far I am very pleased with the Sport Trac. The Sport Trac has a glass smooth ride with outstanding handling, and the motor is extremely quiet. I am not really sure how the fuel mileage is going to be, I have only owned the truck for a week, but compared to the Triton 5.4, anything is better.
As a previous 1997 Ranger owner, 2002 & 2003 Explorer owner and a 2004 F150 owner, I have to say the new SporTrac is the best of both worlds. If you are looking for the best combination of passenger room and a bed, the SportTrac is your best choice. Excellent handling, extremely comfortable and superb features make this my favorite Ford truck so far. 
This vehicle has all of the refinements and upgrades of the 2006 Explorer and then some. The V-6 is smooth with the torque-rise perfectly fitted to the 5-speed automatic transmission. The seats are very supportive and provide ample room in the front-row for a large frame/bodied person like me. All controls are clearly identifiable and are not distracting to my concentration while driving. Fuel economy is excellent, notwithstanding the fact this is a SUV with 4X4 capability. With the intelligent 4 wheel drive system, I had no problems, whatsoever, on slippery surfaces. With the optional safety system(s) which include the side impact and airbag canopy, I feel secure. Great vehicle!
Bought this truck used with 30,000 miles and am now at 47,000 within 8 months of owning it. So far,not one thing has broke, extremely reliable! And, i get better gas mileage than any v6 ranger owner i talk to. I was shopping for a Ranger when i bought this truck , and I'm sooo glad i did. It's a bit underpowered, but do you expect, its a v6.
Bought the truck with 2 miles on it in 2007. Don?t get me wrong I love my truck and I have had 2 F-150 before this one but it had been in the shop 5 times since I have had it. The first time it was a window gasket. It has had two starters and now it is in the shop getting a new flywheel. It only has 30, *** miles on it. Even after all this stuff?. I still love it and would not trade it for anything else. 
We love this truck, its the best truck we have ever owned... Bought it with 2 miles on it and have loved every mile we have put on it.. With the exception of when it was in every ford dealer in the state of Arkansas for the a/c squeal... The one that we were told was "Normal" by all the ford people.. I dont see an a/c screaming when its on to be normal.. and a body plug fell out Odd I think but overall its been a great truck! Especially when you spray liquid wrench on the compressor to make it stop squealing!!!
I really wasn't in favor of my husband buying this truck off the show room floor but it is a workhorse! No problem in the 3 feet of snow that fell in one day the first year we owned it, have never had to put extra weight in the back. I'm not a truck person but this truck is AWESOME and fun to drive.
This is my 6th F150 Supercrew. 5.4 v8, 3.73 limited slip rearend, chrome package, Dark shadow gray/silver on bottom, skid plates and few other goodies. Current mileage 17K. This is a great truck. I've had an entire pallet of ceramic tile(3000LBS)in the bed of this truck and the only noticeable difference was the truck sat level instead of nose down. Average 12-13mpg city and 18.5-20mpg highway. Only one minor problem during a cold spell this winter the 4X4 acuator on the front axle wouldn't engage. Dealer found water in acuator and it had frozen. Dealer replaced it in a few hours I was back in the mud. 
This is my third f150. I have always liked them. I purchased this truck new and around 16000 miles I noticed a tapping noise from the engine. The dealer said it was the fuel injectors. I've never heard noisy fuel injectors before. So when winter arrived and I started the truck the noise was even louder than before, and when the accelerator is pressed the tapping became quicker. Dealer inspected, ran tests for a week and finally called in their Ford rep who advised me that it is a characteristic of the f150. The salesperson didn't advise me of this trait. I asked what characteristic could I expect in another year or two. Guess what! No answer!!
This is my 4th F150 Lariat since 2000 and probably the worst (Lariat Chrome edition). I've had it for 2 years now and its been in and out of the shop on many occasions for engine bogginess (5.4L), transmission problems (transmission has now been rebuilt), brake problems (2 brake jobs already), backup sensor problems (replaced 2 so far). My lease expires in less than a year. Thank God! I've had enough. I don't think I will be leasing another Ford truck again. 
I traded in my 06 Chevy Silverado that was tricked out for my Ford. I wanted the bigger engine because mine was a 4.6. My neighbor talked me into to it. The interior of the Ford is overall sexier than Chevy. The FX2 edition comes with the body kit. Although I would have liked the Titan, Ford gave me more bang for my buck. For the price I paid for my FX2, I would have only gotten a base model Titan. I lost a little bit of towing, but I will never tow that much so in reality I bought a truck that even my wife isn't afraid to drive. Now, I just have to ask her can I drive my truck sometime.
I have owned my F150 Lariat for a year now. I am coming up on 15,000 miles and have had one very minor problem, a power window switch, it was fixed at no charge with no hassle. I read in many reviews, about a lack of power and a sluggish feeling. My F150 has the heavy duty suspension, limited slip, 3:73 gear ratio and really doesn't do too bad. It has a very smooth powertrain that delivers horsepower evenly through-out the RPM range. Under normal conditions you don't feel the acceleration, then all of a sudden you notice that your doing 80MPH! If I want to accelerate quickly I click off the over-drive and it gets right with it. I'm averaging 15-16 MPG, mixed hiway-city driving. 
This is the best truck I've ever owned. I've got 46k miles on it, and it drives like the day that I bought it. I don't know why people have all of these negative comments about gas mileage. People have to learn how to drive economically. It's all about driving style. I drive 90% interstate, and regularly get over 600 miles out of my 30 gallon tank. 
I bought this truck for my business. I use it all the time. I have driven it hard and not one time to the shop, no rattles no squeaks. This truck is awesome. I had a Toyota before this and had more squeaks and rattles in it than I care to mention, in the shop all the time. I will stick with American made all the way. This is the third in the fleet after the Toyota went bye bye. I now have a Ford, Dodge, and Silverado all trouble free. Good job. American made and that is all I will buy!
Overall great truck. Sits nice and high rides well. At 6'2" interior room is top notch. Looks great though leather seats could be more plush
Great truck, I bought it as a work truck. (base model) Could not be happier. I'm so glad I didn't spend the extra money for "features" not needed. The truck has been flawless.
In over 16000 miles I've had no problems with this truck. Add a few extras and it's a beast.
I purchased this truck to pull my horse trailer - I love it! The outside styling is great, very sleek and sharp looking. Rides smooth and quiet all the time, and rides comfortable! I tried to work with GM on either a Sierra or Silverado and no dealership would work with me so I ended up w/ a Ford by default and I'm not sorry! I really like this truck! Fuel economy stinks compared to GM's that I've seen - I get about 13 MPG compared to almost 20 MPG on GM trucks that friends own. Inside storage is okay, although there is a small storage compartment under the radio and its useless - very shallow and everything falls out of it. Overall, I like this truck a lot and would buy another.
I bought my truck when they were giving an incentive to push out the old and in with the new. I love my truck better than the 2006 Silverado I owned prior. The style and elegance are outstanding followed by a great ride. I put it on the road from GA to VA Beach and it road great. 
I must admit- I was an "import" guy since I started driving 20 years ago. My last cars have been Infiniti and Lexus. But, I wanted a truck and shopped them all- Nissan, Toyota, Dodge, GM- and Ford got my business. It's been 6 months and this truck has been absolutely rock solid. This truck inspires confidence both on and off the road- and can haul anything without hesitation. Plus, it's a great highway vehicle- quiet and smooth. I got the FX2 sport, and I love the looks, cool- big stance, but not overdone (like the Tundra), classy, and purpose built. Now I know why Ford is the #1 truck in the USA- they earn it. I would definitely buy this truck again.
This truck is a serious machine. I've driven GM trucks for decades. After being tired of replacing transmissions and large repair bills after 100,000 miles, I decided to give the Blue Egg boys a shot. his truck does not disappoint. I believe the GM might be slightly quicker in 0-60, but put a trailer on the back, and you'll appreciate the Ford's torque advantage. Guys - Quit wondering! Go get one!
This is the greatest truck ever. It is so fun to drive. Just sitting in it with the sunroof, leather seats and all the chrome and Harley emblems makes me feel like I am on my Harley Davidson Roadking! The rumble of the stock exhaust just adds to the feeling! Handles great and runs good with the standard 5.4 engine. Everyone gives it a second look on the road. No complaints here. Fuel mileage is not great, but who cares when you feel good about your ride!
I love the truck itself, it's easily the nicest looking truck on the road. I've only had mine for three weeks, but it's going into the shop to be repainted because someone at the Dearborn plant didn't know how to paint. On three parts of the truck, there are paint flaws. Not just flaws, but actual debris in the paint, like little specks of sand were on the truck when it was painted. Because of this, this is the last Ford I buy. The consumer shouldn't have to be forced QA department. So, yeah -- awesome truck, awful fit and finish.Word to the wise: Do not buy a Ford made in Dearborn. And carefully inspect the vehicle in full sunlight before you do. Look it over and over again. 
It's the price/performance ratio that got me. I wanted towing capacity and 4WD, and got such a great deal, I couldn't pass it up. Got tired of snooty foreign dealers who wouldn't deal. Thanks to them, I got an excellent truck - it rides great for a commute, or when I tow the boat. I don't need sportscar acceleration- it's a truck! 
2007 Harley-Davidson with Steve Saleen dual screw, intercooled SuperCharger. This is my fourth F-Series truck, 1975 F-100, 01 F-150 Lariat Supercab, 05 F- 150 King Ranch 4x4 SuperCrew. What else can I say. 07 HD is a Beautiful truck, more power than you can imagine. The Harley-Davidson has the same engine as my 05, but gobs more of power with the SuperCharger option. Ford did it right. This is a great addition to the F-150 line.
Wow! The supercharger wakes this F-150 up. Passing power at the push of the pedal. This is my 4th F-series Ford. 1975 F-100 Long Bed, 2001 F-150 Lariat SuperCab, 2005 F-150 King Ranch SuperCrew, and now a 2007 Harley- Davidson SuperCharged SuperCrew. It is Black Beauty with more power than my 1994 Mustang Cobra Indy Pace Car. The Saleen supercharger provides some much more power and torque than my 2005 King Ranch with the same 5.4L engine. I'm really looking forward to driving this F-150 for a long long time. Ford has outdone itself. Fuel economy, premium fuel, if I was concerned with fuel economy, I certainly wouldn't have bought the Harley or the Mustang Cobra. A+ to Ford.
After being a die hard Chevy guy for so long I had a hard time looking at the F-150, but am very happy I did. I got the XLT and optioned for the 18 inch wheels and 5.4 L engine. Also got the skid plates, chrome package, CPT chairs and some other goodies. This truck looks so much better then the Chevy and price for value kills the other big trucks. I have read the power and gas mileage complaints. It tows great, and it is a 4x4, so I dont plan on racing anyone. As for mileage, its a big truck with a V-8....like my trucks before I did not expect 25-30 MPG. I am getting around 16 in town and can nurse 20 or so on highway with the cruise set at 80. Very comfortable, stylish and roomy.
This is my second F150 of the current design. My first was a base model regular cab '05. The first one was great, and this one has even more! I think the interior is very spacious and comfortable. It is stylish, and the cab is laid out well. The exterior is gorgeous... The best looking truck on the market, in my opinion! I have only put 700 miles on this one so far, but I have been impressed. Build quality overall is good, though I do have a bit of a rattle from the retractible cup holder. Also, there is a bit of an air intake wine or whistle during acceleration. I added a K&N intake to the 4.6L V8, and it sounds amazing! Improved the acceleration too! I highly recommend these trucks!
This was my first Ford truck after two Dodge Dakotas, and I am very impressed and pleased with my new F-150. First Ford truck in the family since my Dad had a '75 F-250 and while the ruggedness and dependability have not changed, thankfully the styling and comfort have. It is an excellent vehicle.
I have 4,200 miles on my Lariat and absolutley love it! It's very comfortable, handles well, looks great & performs very well. The heated leather seats, great stereo and all the other amenities of the Lariat are great! Shifting to 4 wheel drive is as easy as turning a knob and comes in handy on snowy roads. The 3:73 Limited Slip rearend may give it somewhat of an edge in the performance department. I test drove another Lariat that seemed very sluggish and my truck actually gets with it pretty well. I have no problem keeping up or leaving other trucks or cars behind when I get the urge. Gas mileage is fair at 15 - 16 MPG mixed city/hiway miles. I am enjoying this truck immensly!
In the four months I have owned the vehicle, 34 days were spent with it in the shop. They are continuously replacing the air bags as the panels keep warping. (3 on drivers side, 2 on passenger side) The steering wheel was replaced as well as the exterior temperature sensor. The four wheel drive went out after about 5 minutes of using it. Gas mileage keeps getting worse and worse (down to 10.6 mpg) and to wrap up the experience, it has already had to be repainted as ford missed some spots and it started to peel. Not what I would expect for $38,000. Would never buy a Ford truck again.
This is my 2nd new F150 in 4 yrs, just love this trucks everything from the Power to Design both exterior and interior. Even though its just a 4x2 has great traction off roading and recently just made one of my 2 annual trips to Mexico and of course it did great on the Mexican Highways cruising at 95 m.p.h non stop it got about 17 mpg not to bad. What only bothers me and have been told by my selling dealer that the clunking noise that it makes when holding down the brakes and steering is normal even though I dont think it is normal, did not have that problem 03 F150. 
I have a 2007 ford f150 Stx 4.6L. At idle it shakes so bad I had to put a pillow behind my back. Several times it even stalled. Ford said all these trucks do this. It is a natural characteristic of the truck to run rough. I say it is time to recall and fix the design flaw these trucks have. 
So far the truck has been outstanding. Last truck was a 1981 F 150 so the change is incredible. Took two trips in the last month, one of 2000 miles and the other 1200 miles. Doesn't ride as well as my previous vehicle (2005 Towncar) but great for a truck. Only problem is the gas mileage is atrociaous. Ford needs a six speed automatic.
I have never owned a truck before. The seats in this are unbelievable - Comfortable. I debated much about the super vs crew cab, I have four kids. So far the supercab does not appear to be a problem. I feel like a king driving this truck. I am amazed how well it handles bumps. It is a little rocky while driving the highway. The Chevy 1500 does have some advantages over the F150 but the 150 has a better reputation.
I have never owned a truck before. The seats in this are unbelievable - Comfortable. I debated much about the super vs crew cab, I have four kids. So far the supercab does not appear to be a problem. I feel like a king driving this truck. I am amazed how well it handles bumps. It is a little rocky while driving the highway. The Chevy 1500 does have some advantages over the F150 but the 150 has a better reputation.
This is my first truck- and first American purchase in 15 years. I originally had my heart set on a Tundra. My company fleet manager recommended Ford F150's for the reliability. I was skeptical but after test driving the Ford, I fell in love. (also test drove Dodge and Chevy) Great power and excellent handling! Yes, the Tundra and Chevy are more powerful and quicker "by the numbers", but the Ford just felt solid and sure-footed. 300hp is all I need around town. Nice big industrial-grade interior (I'm 6'3") designed for people my size. My kids love it too- it's like a big Tonka truck. I've got the 5.4l V8 FX2 Sport SuperCrew. Nice job, Ford-you brought me back to American made!
Just purchased my 2nd F150. Told myself I wasn't going to buy another Ford truck again.I was tricked by the interior and exterior design and style of the truck, far superior to any of the others. My problem is with the way the truck shifts. The 4 speed auto feels lazy and sluggish when shifting. Also, the rear end clunks when the tranny downshifts when accelerating from a lower speed.(same as my 1999 F150). With the O/D off it doesnt make the noise?? I also can feel the windshield wiper vibrations through the brake and gas pedals. Very annoying. There is minor idle vibration as well. I would not have purchased this truck if I had noticed these issues during my lengthy 10 minute test drive.
Great truck so far. Been driving it a week and am very impressed. This truck is definitely not built for speed, but it has so much torque. This is a "man's truck". Just by touching the gas, you will be up to hwy speed pretty quickly and never will never even see your RPM's go above 2300. I can just imagine the power when I start pulling my camper. Aside from the engine, the build and design of the truck is by far my personal favorite of all the trucks. It just looks American and built Ford tough!
This is my 8th new Ford P/U in 11 years. From F-150s to F-350s. The last problem I had was with my 96 diesel. That was a faulty sensor. My new F-150 Lariat supercrew 4 by is fully loaded. The rear seat DVD player is a blast when the storms knock out the power in the house. The nav system and sirius radio with mp3 are fun, and fill the niches. The White sand tri-coat draws admiring looks and compliments from all circles. The interior looks and feels luxurious. My fuel economy is overall around 19mpg. The 35.7 gallon tank comes in handy for those cross state round trips. The audiophile system is a force to be reckoned with. It shames the youngsters into retreat. Try the after market LED light.
Nice truck but dealer told me I made a mistake buying 5.4 motor. Rough idle and vibration at approx 1750 rpm is normal for this truck according to my Ford Dealer. Hard to sit at a light and feel the seat vibrating due to the normally running 5.4 l motor at idle. Traded a great running chevrolet at 127000 miles that idled smoother. If Ford cannot resolve this (non- existent according to the dealer) problem...I will take a bath and go back to a chevrolet...never to buy a ford again
Happy with truck. Got 17.2 MPG with second tank of gas. Only dislike is the handling--will fit that with a 3/5" drop kit and sway bars
This is my second F-150, first one was an 04 FX4. Both have been great trucks. It's very responsive, does well off road and in sand..the shift on the fly comes in handy. Gas mileage has been around 13.4 city and 18.8 highway. No matter what trim level you get, you'll be happy. Definitley go for the 5.4 triton, the 4.6 was sluggish off the line. Overall two thumbs up
This is my third F150, and I love this truck. Last winter,(when the truck was brand new), was one of the roughest I can remember. This truck lives at 8000 ft. in the "foothills" of Colorado, and it has never let me down, I have 12K on it now without a single problem of any type. I can hold 70 mph going over the highest pass in this country while barely touching the pedal. Since it can do that at over 10,000ft. elevation, it has all the power I need. I run E85 exclusively. So far it's doing just as well as my other one which has 185K on it. I'd tell you about the reliability of that one but you'd think I was lying.
I was going to purchase the Mark Lt until I saw this one. 6k cheaper better interior and what a looker. Rides as nice as a Cadillac. Traded a 05 f150 Lariat crew cab what a diffrence. Better acceleration better build quality and remarkable fit and finish. Way to go Ford.
After much research, I finally bought my Lariet. Granted I've only had it for two days, but I've got to tell you it is an impressive truck. I've read many reviews and some reviewers complain about a lack of power; this certainly is not evident to me and I'm used to a 2001 Mustang GT. It's power is consistant and smooth throughout the RPM range. Inside it is amazingly quiet; the style and comfort of this truck is down right awesome! So far, I love it! If it holds up like my 1984 Bronco II did, it'll prove to be one hell of a truck. Check back in 10 years for an update!
Good all around truck for regular folks. The small V8 is sluggish at first but will move down the road very well. Works fine for what most people do. Rides like a truck, not a car. I like that. Get the bigger motor for more serious work. I can get 21mpg highway if I drive reasonably <70. Pulls a small boat well and has plenty of room and comfort. Sides of the truck are high and makes getting stuff in and out a bit tougher than with previous models.
This is the 2nd Ford supercrew I have owned in the last 5 years. the last on I drove 176,000 miles and cost me about 800.00 in repairs, I think this one pulls better and rides better looked at all models and stuck with Ford.
Having owned nothing but Nissan, Toyota, and Honda for the past 30 years, I never thought I would own an American built truck, but here I am in this new Lariat and I've got to say, I've been pretty impressed. Drove it from Wyoming to Arizona and it cruised beautifully, was quiet, and my bum and back never got tired of riding! Got 19 MPG, which I thought was phenomenal, considering the weight of this truck. So now I'm selling my Honda Ridgeline (which, don't get me wrong, is an awesome vehicle), but I live on a serious 4x4 road and I just feel a lot safer now in the Ford than in the Honda. I am duly impressed and lovin' it!
I've been pleased with my F150. It rides great. It's comfortable. Gas mileage is reasonable for a truck this size. No complaints.
One beautifully styled truck both inside and out. I enjoy the comfort and amenities this truck has to offer. Best truck I have driven/owned, including, Toyota and Nissan. Drives and rides like a luxury car. Has met or exceeded my expectations. 
I just recently purchased the F150 FX2 with crew cab and the 6.5 ft truck bed, it's a beast! It drives like a luxury car but will pull 9500 lbs. Interior very comfortable, sirius radio is great, has premium sound system which sounds better than the Chevy Bose. Getting 16 mpg so far. Parking can be difficult with the size but you get used to it. I was comparing a Chevy ext cab to this and in the long run I have a bigger truck, Chevy doesn't offer a 6.5 ft bed with their crew cab. No complaints so far, mileage will improve once broken in and once I add a tonneau cover. Do yourself a favor and get the bigger truck, it's there if you need it!
The 07 Ford F150 is a very well built truck. This is my 3rd Ford truck. My first one came out of the oil fields and it took a lot of abuse. It had 167000 on it when I was done with it and was still running strong. I can tell you the 07 is built a lot better than that truck. So I have high expectations for it. This truck is not going to win any quarter miles, but it will pull, which is what you want in a truck. It is a heavy brute with the comfort of a luxury vehicle. I read the reviews on the 07 before I bought it. Some complained about acceleration. I did not think it was bad at all from taking off. It could use a little more at higher speeds, but trust me, the rest of the truck will out weigh this. If you want to race, buy the Mustang. Low end torque trumps.
Acceleration was more than I expected from the 4.2 V6. With 202 horsepower and 3.55's it is plenty peppy. With 4800 miles on it mileage is around 17 city and 21 highway. Mileage should increase slightly at around the 15,000 mile mark when the engine is fully broken in. With the base sound system it produces a very nice note! I am very impressed with the truck! Comfortable, supportive seats, good ride quality, no wind noise at highway speeds, and the feel that your are in a well built quality vehicle tells me that I made a good purchase! 
Very happy with this truck, only problem I've had so far was a screw lodged in my tire tread. Luckily the new tire pressure gauge system helped to detect it and got it fixed right away. Rides like a car, feels fairly safe, and the price was definitely right. 
Bought the vehicle on 22 May 07 with 81 miles on the odometer. Left for Wash D.C. on the 26th to attend the event at 'Rolling Thunder" memorial. Disappointed with the fuel economy and the black soot at the exhaust pipe. Vehicle drives well but is underpowered on some of the taller hills on Interstate 40. Thinking the pickup is too heavy for a V6 engine.
I've heard some ridiculous commercials from Toyota and Nissan claiming the F150 can't tow a trailer - hogwash! This is my 3rd F150. No complaints ever! I've driven the Chevy, Titan, Tundra and the Ram and only the Chevy comes close to the F150. If you want a truck to do what you need with a great ride, stick to Ford and Chevy. 
Super nice truck. I love all the buttons and the leather. Very comfortable truck. This is the second supercrew I have leased in 2yrs. Drove all the different trucks and again I went with the F-150 super crew
This truck is far and away the best overall value when it comes to full size pickup trucks. You get more towing capacity and interior volume than any other truck out there when comparing total statistics and capability vs. the price paid. Toyota and Nissan also build great trucks, but option them so heavily that it's impossible to get the same level of value. The only close comparison to this truck is the Chevrolet/GMC twin, and it lacks a bit in the towing and interior space department, as well as falling behind in the incentives category. Ford's F150 is reliable, handles well, gets decent mileage and is very comfortable. You cannot go wrong with this vehicle!
I like this truck. I need something nimble and reliable and so far this one is great. Very stylish too! Only thing that needs improvement is the mileage.
The 2007 Ford SuperCrew I purchased has already had problems. The signal lights stopped working last month, and the windshield washer stopped working this month. There is also a heat sheild that has been fixed twice that is still fibrating in my ear. Over all the quality of the truck is poor. It is a nice truck to drive when it is working correctly, but it has not worked correctly in since it was new. I would like to trade it in but Ford plays with the pricing so much that it is hard to find what the real value is. They do not hold any value. I will take a $12,000-$15,000 loss on it.
I just bought a new 2007 F150 Lariat, so I can't speak to long-term quality like some others might, but I have to say that it is much more than I expected. The brakes are awesome and what sold me on the truck as I looked for a tie-breaker between it and the 2008 Titan. The ride is very good and the cabin is so quite that it is hard to believe you are in a truck. The accessories are convenitently located and the appeal of the Lariat interior is super. The trim is complex and appealing. There's rich wood trim in combination with some modern metalic type finishes, as well as bright chrome. Seat support is good too. I was afraid I would miss my Lincoln but now wonder why I didn't do this sooner.
Purchasing this vehicle has been one of the smartest decisions that I could have possibly made. It drives great has average MPG but makes up for it with engine power and design. 
I recently bought a new Ford F-150 after owning a 2001 F-150. Ford has really upgraded this truck in terms of design and comfort. It is less tippy than the older model and the cab noise is virtually non-existent. I am also glad I bought the FX4 model with the larger tires and better suspension. I love this truck!
Great looking truck and fun to drive. I have had a horrible experience with Ford about the F 150's air conditioning system, cd changer, and rear window. The air conditioning system hisses and gurgles while driving. I am in the ultra high line automobile business and I know tricks of the trade. Ford refuses to admit that their is a problem, rather they state that the sound is normal. 
This is a real man's truck. It will take whatever you throw at it and more. The towing and payload is remarkable. Combine that with a powerful triton V-8 and you have a truck that won't hold back. The build is solid and the fuel economy is not so bad.
A fantastic truck, value-for-money. I looked at Dodge, Nissan, and Toyota. The Ford F150 is a real truck and it rides like a luxury car thanks to the recent changes in shock positioning. I switched from Ford to Nissan and now I am back in a Ford to stay.
This is the 3rd F-150 supercrew I have owned. I think it is the best looking, riding, and quality truck on the market. I travel for two months a year. I love the ride quality, interior design, and sound isolation.The best truck on the market.
It runs well, very comfortable. I love the captain seats and the interior room. The fuel economy could be better, average around 14.5 mpg on hwy and city. Vehicle has good power but is a little sluggish compared to expectations.
I bought this truck needing a tough son of a gun to haul thousands of pounds of product on long distance trips for my business and this truck fits the bill. My F-150 always gets great comments from people who love its looks. I just love it because it get the job done. I even slept in it one night because I couldn't find a hotel and it was a good night sleep at the secured rest stop. I wouldn't change much, but hopefully Ford will continue to improve on this nice looking, tough truck.
Vehicle perfect for the quality and price. The interior very spacious and comfortable. The exterior line is appealing and the truck runs smoothly. Gas is as expected. 
Great truck, excellent ride, comfortable, good looking. Love those who complain about acceleration and gas mileage. It's a truck - a big truck!!! If you want acceleration get a Porsche. If you want gas mileage get a Honda Civic. You have an 1,800 lb payload, 10,000 lb towing capacity vehicle. Yep, you're right, not going to win the drag race
My truck has the 8 ft. bed and the 5.4 v-8 engine. I test drove all the trucks in this class for what would be best for me. I chose this one for looks, room in the cab, performance, and the bed size. I live in the country so I have not been able to do a good gas mileage test yet, but I can compare it to the Caddy I have and it gets about the same gas mileage for my driving. It got 18 city and 26 highway. My truck has the 3.55 ratio axle.
This truck is so much fun to drive and has a lot of room for a single cab.
First new truck after driving only cars for 30 years. Truck sold itself after renting one from Hertz on a 1 week trip. Personally, I think its the best looking truck in the market. Rugged yet classy. Not in your face like Dodge. Not bland like GM. Not Japanese looking like Nissan or Toyota. After 30 years of cars, I was pleasantly surprised by ride quality, interior design, sound isolation. Great highway cruiser. 4x4 lets me go in deep snow even with regular tires.
Great truck; had a 04 and loved it as well but the Harley option takes it to another level.
Love this truck, fun to drive, looks professional bidding jobs for my tree service, yet fun to drive anywhere.
Now that I own the 5.4 liter, FLEX FUEL VEHICLE, F-150 4x4, I am realizing a very poor "gasoline" fuel economy of about 10 MPG highway which is much less than the 18 MPG that was posted on the window sticker. E85 is much worse. The non-adjustable seat bottom revealed itself as a rear end problem after the first 200 miles. I am not sure what the engineers at Ford were thinking when an adjustable seat bottom was not added to the lower lines of pickups. I would have been happy with even a manual adjustment. I don't think that these problems are going to disappear as my wallet gets much thinner.
Great truck, fun to drive, and very reliable. Overall F-150 is the reason Ford is the #1 truck seller in the nation. 
Looks and handles nicely. Not enough storage in cab. Window cranks are low, but adequate. Steering wheel could use the push/pull adjustment. Offer a different wheel color for the tan color truck! Only have 550 miles on the truck so this might be a premature opinion but I'm glad I returned to a Ford truck. Hopefully I won't be let down, again. Last new Ford truck I had had paint blemishes. I'm lovin' it now...let's see what happens!
Traded from a 2005 to a 2007. Pretty much the same truck but different. Something about the 07 is better. The mileage for one thing. Presently getting from 16 to 18 mpg. Sirius radio is a change. Lots to choose from. I read about owners saying they need more power, all you have to do is push the throttle down. These trucks will run hard and fast. I have a 22 ft boat and it pulls it great. With the dual power/heated captain chairs the comfort is great. The seats are very supportive. We use this vehicle in our business and have driven as high as 900 miles in one day. A very comfortable way to go. Love it! 
The Lariat F150 was the nicest designed truck we drove. The interior was extremely nice and beat its competitors hands down. It's very well appointed truck but we have taken it into the mountains on some very tight 4WD trails and it has been a great off-road truck. We will primarily using the truck for hauling large items and off-roading to get to quiet places in the mountains. If we were more interested in towing, the F-150 may not have been in play. From a quality/reliability perspective, we thought the Tundra had the edge but we were convinced the Ford would last for a very long time. We have had great success with Fords in the past.
"Z" plan buyer (owned 15 Fords). Best luxury truck in class...but. Ford is so close to perfect but misses the mark on basic no brainer features and poor warranty. I'm convinced the engineers do not drive trucks and do models and CAD design for looks not function. Unfortunately, they could have a home run and turn around the company if they would listened to the public and get back to basics. Weak A/C and pitiful fuel economy. Front passengers have elbows in rear cupholders. Poor location. Most Ford dealerships try to scam general public and still try to con the A, X and Z plan buyers with over-inflated dealer adds further ruining Ford experience. 
The new 07 F-150s are some killer trucks! I have pulled over 10,000 lbs with this truck. I tow things about 2 or more times a week, each being about 2000-5000 lbs. The truck is very comfortable and has lots of room for me, and it can fit 4 people with no trouble at all. The 07 Ford F-150s out pull all the competition. 
I have owned Ford pickups for over 20 years trading about every 3 years. This is the best truck yet. Comfortable, quiet, excellent sounding radio. Tows 10,000 lb trailer great. Fuel economy could improve but only have 1000 miles on it and it is improving. 
Bought the car new in June 2007 and to date have accumulated over 91,000 miles commuting. Other than a rear brake recall, the car has been flawless. Gets 28+ mpg consistently. Comfortable, quiet, roomy. This car is proof that America can build a reliable vehicle.
After reading numerous reviews I was sold on this car. I bought a retired company car (they maintained the car very well), a little high on mileage butwith the excellent shape of the car I thought the maintenance records outweighed the mileage (60k). The SEL has great looks; when I park next to other cars it really is a big car; averaging about 25 MPG; quiet, solid and overall very easy to drive. I paid 10,500; not a steal, but a good deal. Minor complaint: why put an sat. ready radio in the car withour the tuner?? Will cost aout $100 to convert to recieve SIRIUS; stereo is the basic CD-AM/FM and has good sound. Black is very classy, hard to keep clean; but with tinted windows looks sharp.
The longer we own this car, the more we like it. We had one problem with abnormal brake wear and Ford took car of it even though it wasn't a warranty item. Handling is very good for such a large car (especially in snow with AWD), ride is excellent and gas mileage has been more than surprising. We got 31 mpg on a recent trip through Arizona and New Mexico. Average mpg in our local hilly/mountain area is 19 city and 26 highway (better than EPA estimate.) 
I just bought my Five Hundred last week and I already love it. Being military I needed a good car to travel from Savannah to Ft Stewart everyday. I love the space, and the powerful V6 engine. The V6 and the AWD combine perfectly when i have one of those days, and wake up a little late.
The 1st year of ownership was great, since then we have had the rear brakes recalled because of abnormal wear & grinding under 15000 miles. Power Steering pump went bad, A/C Compressor went bad, power windows quit working, then magically fixed themselves, when I put it in gear it lunges forward if the A/C is running. If my foot is not firmly on the brakes it lunges hard enough to hit something in front or behind the vehicle. And the OEM tires lasted about 35000 miles with regular rotations. It is very comfortable & gets decent fuel mileage in town & exceptional highway mileage for a car of it's size. The shifting of automatic transmission take a little getting used to.
I used to drive an Elantra GT. I started to have leg pains on long drives. I decided to search for a comfortable and safe car. After reading many owner comments about the Ford 500 I decided it was the car for me. There isn't a lot of 500's in my area but I found one with low mileage and in great shape. My wife and I love the car!! Thanks to you owners of 500"s I made a great choice and I look forward to many years of ownership.
I purchased a 07 Ford 500 back in June 2007. Things have been going ok until Christmas of last year when on vecation car died while driving using cruise control. After this died 3-4 times for the same reason but then only by adjusting speed by cruise controls. After that abnormal wear on back rotors and break pads. Now after 80.000 miles the transmissions seems to starts slipping when go beyond first gear. Car is still at the shop so we will see when they finish with the diagnostics.
We bought a 2007 Ford 500 and we have 93,000kms on it already. I am 77 years old a retired professional transport driver and have had a lot of cars in my life time. I Have never had a vehicle that is as reliable for driving in the snow, ice and slush of Alberta Winters. We have gone to Alaska, and Nova Scotia and never had one ounce of trouble. Love It love It Love It!!!
It's great that reviews like Edmunds knock vehicles that are actually superb examples of engineering and excellent design/functionality. It keeps the prices low!! I purchased my 500 AWD Limited not long ago, used, with 19000 miles. I was looking for a suitable substitute to the mundane and boring SUVs and a departure from the bumpy ride from my most recent leased vehicle, a Dakota 4x4. The 500 is a complete 180 in terms of quality, comfort, utility and style. The interior is totally functional, the visibility is unrestricted and the power from the 3.0 engine is more than adequate for anything beyond a street race (at $2.00+ a gal. for gas, what the heck is so important about speed?
I am thrilled with the dependability, comfort, safety, and storage capacity of this vehicle. The present mileage is at 51,000 and have had no problems. Braking system is excellent, Needed new pads at 40K with no other parts needed. I use Mobil 1 for oil changes and the car runs excellent. I recently drove another ford 500 with 12,000 miles and found no noticeable difference in the drive of my vehicle. The only issue is that I am 6'4'' and the leg room could be about 3" longer for my left leg. I can live with this because many of the vehicles that I've sold over the years would be non dependable and I would be walking rather than driving. Average mpg is 23.6 since car was new. WOW. LOVE IT.
I purchased this vehicle as a result of searching for something comfortable after major surgery. Strong engine for a 3.0, CVT is quite cool once you get used to how it operates, AWD is seamless, the ride and handling are comfortable without being bone jarring, controls are well placed. The interior and trunk are cavernous, fit, finish and features are quite good for a car picked up with 19800 miles and going on three years old. Intuitive controls, upward seating position, phenomenal stereo and nav system round out a really cool car. I'm not certain why the automotive reviews were so harsh on this car. I could not disagree more with the reviews out there by the auto critics. 
I bought my Five Hundred used. At only $16000, and only 13000 miles on the odometer it was a steal. I was checking out Hyundai Sonata's, but I wanted a V6, and had no desire to pay over 20 grand for a car. So I checked out Five Hundreds, I couldn't believe my luck. I always admired the styling of the car, and its safety features. It is roomy and comfortable, gets great gas mileage. I get many compliments on its color and design. Power is great, more than adequate, I mean, come on, how much power is enough? It's fast on the on ramp, good for passing, and corners beautifully. And since I drive mountain roads to get to work, in Calistoga, I love the saftey features and i size. Did I mention MPG?
I have had three Honda Accords. I decided to buy a used Ford 500 versus the new 2008 Accord based upon value. This car is great. It drives well and has lots of room - lots of compliments from riders about the room. My family enjoys the car, too. Safety ratings were a big reason for purchasing as well. Fuel economy has been very good. Consistently 20-21 in town. On the highway between 29 and 32 (I did get 32.5 on one trip). Overall, this is a great car. Although many in the press have not given favorable responses, many owners like me seem to think this is a highly underrated car - a diamond in the rough. SEL package is nicely equipped. Great A/C system in hot climate. 
I have had this vehicle for a few months and I have been very happy with the performance. I know people keep knocking the lack of power, but really the overall power and passing power has been satisfactory for me. I must admit we are a family that had minivans due to the kids, but I am happy with the performance and comfort of this vehcile and there is plenty of room for the family.
My wife and I traded in our TrailBlazer and bought our Ford 500 in April of 2007. I have taken several trips from Charleston South Carolina to Cleveland Ohio with our family. The vehicle is very comforting for long trips, and there's tons of trunk space. Ford definitely kepf safety in mind when they built this car. Five star crash test ratings. I would recomend this vehicle to anyone.
I just purchased my Ford Five hundred. It is an amazing car. I like the trunk space. The car has a very attractive look to it. Very roomy just as big as a BMW 754 or Mercedes Benz. Ford did a great job building this car. Wouldn't trade it for the world.
I am an insurance adjuster and this is my company car and I drive it hard. I currently have about 67000 miles on it and have had numerous problems with it mechanically. At 30K the trans began shifting hard, took it to the dealer and had the throttlebody replaced. At 50K the steering was loose and was pulling hard, had the left lower ball joint (which only came with the control arm) and the steering gear replaced. At 65K the same trans problem and they again replaced the throttlebody. Another adjuster has had similar problems with the steering/suspension. Also, 3.0 is not that powerful. You might have better luck as an everyday commuter instead of a workhorse like me.
We are a family of 4, two are still in car seats. Lots of room inside, you dont have to worry about kids kicking the back of your seat. The trunk is awesome, lots of room for everything. Just wished the mileage was a little better. We struggle to get 30 hwy.
I purchased my 500 almost 6 months ago and I love it. It's roomy and drives smooth. Everyone that rides with me say they like it. It's classy but moves when needed. I'd buy another one and is different from the others in it's class.
After four months of ownership I must admit I've been very pleased with this car! It does have a few shortcomings but I'm happy with my purchase decision. Two things stand out in this model, unlike the Chrysler 300, visibility is terrific, secondly and something I've really come to appreciate is the easy in and out feature of its SUV like interior. You don't fall into the car like you do with so many others, you just kind of slide into the seat. Many so-called professional reviewers have knocked the 500 for its lack of power. So far I have not felt the need for more power, nor would I care to give up its excellent mileage for a little more speed. I do find the shifting habit of the six
My family and I love or 2007 Ford Five Hundred Chrome Limited Edition. The interior is very spacious as well is the truck space. The only problem is my husband is 6'3" and he said that there is not enough space for his left leg to stretch out when he drives. Other than that, the car has all the bells and whistles and comfort.
We are in our 50's & take road trips with friends, swapping drivers so I sometimes end up in the back. I have a very tall upper body & somewhat short legs. We test sat/drove many vehicles of all makes including the 2008 Taurus and the Five Hundred was the only one I didn't have my head touching the roof when sitting in back. Ours is a 2007 Five Hundred Limited FWD in white/pebble and we love it! Is it the most luxurious car we've ever owned? no. The sportiest? no. But it is perfect for us. Room aplenty, smooth ride, good gas mileage, adjustable pedals, thoughtful features, classy looks, good build quality. We're just happy we got one before they were all gone.
I really like the car. I wish that it had more power. I drive 110 miles a day and this car is perfect because i never have to worry about it breaking down on me. It really seems to be built good also. 
I have had this car about a month and starting to really like it. I was surprised that the driver's seat raises up high enough for me. I have had SUVs the last couple of times and at first was concerned that a car would be too low. I love the sides and back, but the front of Ford's vehicles aren't that sharp. Inside is great -- lots of extras. Only negative is power. I did not get AWD, so I have the regular transmission. I previously had the CVT in a Freestyle and got used to the smooth shift. The Five struggles with the a/c on and I have to remember not to pull out in front of anyone. I mean 206 hp for a 3700 lb vehicle is ridiculous.
I moved into this car from an '07 IS250 and have never looked back. While it is not the same Tron-like driving experience, I could not ask for a more appropriate car for travelling with my family. It has all the space we need, decent mpg and is amazingly comfortable for short or long trips. We chose this over a SUV because the large trunk will keep items from hitting the kids if we are ever rear-ended. We were already t-boned once by a RAV-4 whose driver had a senior moment, and we were able to drive away with no injuries and less damage than she had. 
I bought this car on my brothers advice. I've had two previous Taurus's. I've had this car for 5 days. So far I drove home in a bad rain storm and had great handling on wet road. Highway power was good, I had not problems passing or going up hill. I drove to KC and got 28 MPG driving around 78 MPH. I felt this was good. My 2001 Taurus got 30 MPG and is a lighter car. I feel safe in this large car. It is very comfortable and I can see out, I'm 5'3" so that is important. I love the rear seats folding down. I transported a dog without fear of ruining my leather seats. I'm still learning where all the features are. I had a bad alternator from wire glitch, a bummer but..
I needed a car that would be able to fit my grandkid's three car seats in the back seat. I wanted the Fusion, but my husband talked me into this car would be a better choice. Although there is nothing remarkable about the exterior design of this car, the comforable ride, the spacious interior, the well designed layout of the various operating controls, the over the board safety features, and the many storage cubbies have hit a homerun with me. 
I have had my 500 a little over a year, and had very little problems with it. It is a great road car and the easiest car I have ever had to get into and out of. Just an outstanding car.
This vehicle is excellent handling. Brakes are effective. Engine performance is acceptable, but lacks torque. Vehicle has been driven 25000 km but will need rear brakes very soon. Paint and body very good. Poorest feature is noisy inside vehicle from engine.
The acceleration is great, once you get use to the CVT transmission. It handles like a nS80 Volvo. Gas mileage so far at 24 mpg on my 44 mile round trips to work. Lots of room, wish the front seat went back about another inch. (I am 6'5") Good head room and I love the adjustable brake and gas peddles. Air bags everywhere, even in the canopy. Facts you need to know. The 3.0 duratec engine is from a Porsche designed 2.5 (Ford bored it out to 3.0) the AWD is the Haldex system from Volvo. Suspension is also Volvo derived from the S80. 0-60 is under 8 seconds. CVT transmission is German designed and built from ZF transmission group. Very underrated car.
All in all, very little to complain about after 5000 miles. Factory CD failed on first use, but replaced. Very comfortable to be in, although larger drivers may find their right leg too close to the center console. Complaints by critics about styling/power have proven unwarranted. People like the look of the car and haven't found acceleration lacking with CVT/engine pairing. Handling is OK, not great, but ride is better than that. It is not silent at highway speeds, but not really a problem. Plenty of interior storage, huge trunk, elevated seating position; it's (mostly) all good.
So far I am very impressed with the car. I have had it 4 months and 4,400 miles. The power is fine. Gas mileage is great. I took a trip to the coast (1,200 miles), averaged 33.2 MPG. I do drve for economy with gas at $3.00. Hwy speed was 70-73 MPH and did some drafting.
I went shopping for a hybrid and due to a lack of availability i ended up buying a 500. So far I love the car. It handles well and is very spacious. I traded in a Ford Explorer so the gas mileage is a huge improvement. I see a lot of people saying the car is underpowered but I'd prefer the better gas mileage over the power. 
I test drove Honda Accord, Toyota Camary, Ford Fusion and even a Lexus. I couldn't seem to find one that I felt like driving. The 500 did it. At first it didn't turn my head for looks but oh my, I drove it and was in love. I do prefer the understated but rich look of the interior and exterior. I am just so happy that when stop at a light there isn't 10 other cars just like mine. I didn't think about that at the time I was looking for a car. I am getting 18 MPG in town. No long trips yet. Everyone loves the huge trunk. I love the comfort and style.
I just got this car for our company for the traveling salesman. Over the weekend, it was not being used and my car was getting fixed, so I borrowed it. Although its not as fast as my other cars, it still has power for accelerating, but passing at high speeds is difficult for it. The interior in huge. The seats are big and comfortable. I was really suprised at how good this car was after hearing so many terrible things about Ford (and being a GM guy, this is hard to admit) The Ford really is a good daily car. Not for an enthusiast, but it gets the job done.
I just bought this car and love it! After quite a bit of online investigation and the realization that I could not afford a brand new car with all these options, I bought mine with 15,000 miles. It beat out the new Hyundai Sonata and Chevy Imapala by a lot! Could use a little more get up and go, wind noise and the rear view mirror could be bigger, but all-in-all I love it. Excellent quality for the price.
Consumer reports hit the nail on the head. This big car drives well, gets good mileage and has lots of room. Add to that the fact you can get big discounts and rebates with a 5 year 60K warranty and it's a no-brainer, if you are in the market for a big American car that drives like an import and looks like it won't age much. 
I like my new Pearl Blue Ford a lot. I refer to it as The Big Ford, because that is the best feature. It fits real people in real time. So easy to get in and out of and it is still so new I want to drive it a lot. My mileage is still not great (about 17.4) and I do hope it improves. So far, all things are working great. I will make the dealer align the car at the first service, but that is the only thing I have noticed. Really nice, plain, and high class automobile. Will drive it happily and feeling safe. 
Bought the car as a family sedan. We have been delighted with its comfort, performance, build quality, and safety. The 3.0, while not a screamer so to speak, does provide enough oompf to get motoring on the surrounding super highways. Have nearly 10K miles and not experienced any problems to date. The only down side is we expected the fuel economy to be a little better, but being a car of this size, it's not really that disappointing. Overall we would buy it again.
I really like driving this car a lot, it handles very well and rides smooth and quiet. This car is very roomy inside for the family and has a huge trunk. The Continental Tires that came with it were garbage, good for summer and smooth roads, but horrible in wet/snow/icy conditions. I put a complete set of Goodyear TripleTred on it and it handles great in the wet/snow/ice conditions as well as a bit more responsive on turns. This car replaced our Grand Prix and it gets a little better MPG and still has the getup and go, but a lot/lot/lot more room inside. We have the individual temp control for driver/passenger which also came w/6cd MP3 player/superior sound system, a nice addition.
Nothing but total satisfaction. For the life of me, I cannot see why this car has not sold better (other than lack of advertising) and why it is now being discontinued. I guess the good news for current owners is that the car will likely become a classic.
Great car. Very surprised when I got into the car on how nice it was. Hugs the road, quieter than Taurus (last car) but they need to do even better. For the money a GREAT VALUE. Heated front seats, split temp control, reverse sensors, nice leather, 6 disc in dash changer, Sirius radio, 8 way adjustable seats, 2 memory buttons to recall driver cockpit settings. FAST. I went to look & ended up buying my 1ST new car. 
This car is super comfortable, and gives wonderful visibility. It is quiet in the interior, and goes great in the snow, without AWD. The safety feature is a bonus. Very nice car.
The 500 is the only sedan I could get into with a huge trunk and interior for less than $25K loaded up. The styling is generic but not offending. The 3.0 liter engine has good highway passing power and far from being underpowered. The ride and handling are ok but steering could be a little firmer and more direct. Shame on Ford for removing the door protection moldings. I will have to see if the dealer can install them aftermarket.
My new 500 with all chrome accessories is shiny black and fun to drive. The only thing I don't like is the soft suspension. Turning quickly makes the car sway left, and right, but driving on a highway with the CD blasting at any speed everything is fine. 
My wife & I love this 500 which we ordered. The Alloy paint with the 18 inch chrome wheels & saddle leather interior really set this 500 off & make it an eye catching car. She especially likes the great view of the road when driving & the spacious rear seating area. What a huge trunk. This replaced a 2002 Taurus.
I bought the AWD version to replace a small SUV which got horrible highway mileage. I have been very pleased with the Ford 500. It gets 21 in town, 24 in mixed city/highway driving and will get about 32 mpg when driven at 65 on the highway. Highway mpg's vary between 27 and 34 depending upon speed driven and wind. It is great for hauling large items such as 300 pounds of horse feed and recently a table and chairs. Handling is pretty good, excellent brakes and outboard visibility, fine acceleration for merging and passing (contrary to some reviews-it goes plenty fast without straining). The steering is a bit floaty, worse in the front wheel version. Very comfortable interior. 
New alloy color, tinted windows and the Pirelli tires turns heads. Excellent handling & ride. Glad for the fuel economy of the 3.0L engine. I'm sure the 2008 w/3.5L will be more fun to drive. Incredible value for family still raising kids. Nicely done.
This car meets all my requirements: minimal blind spots, excellent fuel economy, comfortable on a long trip, lots of cargo space, 5 star crash ratings, reasonable price. It is enjoyable to drive. It is not underpowered and merges, climbs hills and passes with no trouble at all. The headlights are better than many other cars. It is a safe size here in the land of huge trucks and huge SUV's. (I do most of my driving in Texas and Oklahoma where more trucks than cars are on roads) The all wheel drive is wonderful in both a heavy snow storm and a heavy rainstorm. The brakes are excellent. Heater, air conditioner and defrosters front and back are top of the line. This also matters a lot here.
Comfortable, lots of interior/trunk room. Sharp looking vehicle. However the engine is too small for such a big car. Hit the gas and takes too long for engine response (hesitates)when passing. Must have something to do with that new CVT transmission. 
I keep hearing that this vehicle needs a bigger engine...don't agree. The 3 liter engine is fine 95-98% of the time. (If I lived in the middle of the Rocky Mountains I might lower that % but most of us don't!). The 6 speed transmission downshifts more than one is used to but you quickly learn to work with it. Even in 5th gear, engine speed is close to what many other cars are in their "top gear". I bought this car because it's a full size sedan with a sensible engine size and I'm very happy with it. I love to cruise along at 70 MPH, 2000 RPM and get mileage that hangs around 30 mph...a whole lot better than my Lexus ES300!
Took on a trip to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, and couldn't ask for a better ride. About a 1200 mile round trip, getting almost 29 miles per gallon. Had no trouble passing or getting up the grades on cruise control. I would definitely buy another Ford product.
The main reason that I purchased the 500 was the driving character of this car. The ride of this car equals that of the more expensive models.The total design of this car inside and out is what people use to expect of Ford. The 500 is a great value.
When I first drove the 500, it was a pleasant experience. My first impression was that it was a nice, large sedan that handles well, despite the "plain brown wrapper" design. Then I drove back home. I live in a rural area on a dirt road. All the roads in my area are dirt. Dirt turns to mud, and that's when the 500 starts to slip and slide. It is terrifying to drive this car on anything other than smooth, dry pavement. Big problems in the handling. Yikes! Also, my knees bump the dash. I'm short, so by the time the seat is up far enough, there is no leg room left.
We bought a 500 while looking for a Charger. When we saw the 500 my husband fell in love with it. The seats are very comfortable and roomy, especially the back seats. I am rather tall, and can cross my legs and ride comfortably in the back. The woodgrain interior is beautiful. I like the backup signal feature, it helps when my teenagers are parallel parking. We really like the CVT. It rides so smoothly on the highway, accelerates smartly, even going up a steep hill, and you do not feel the gear change. I am very happy with the 500. I thought I really wanted a Charger, but I am not a bit disappointed with the 500, in fact, I am thrilled with it!
At this point, the only thing that I would change is a little larger engine. It strains some times.
Great car so far.
I like the way it handles and the engine power is adequate. The styling is good, but it needs some body side molding to protect the finish from careless people in other cars.
Purchased in Illinois and drove to AZ with very good performance. Window showed highway 29 MPG, obtained 28.8 MPG. GPS system works great and over all clean tight fit with a comfortable ride.
I travel in work all the time. The mark of a great car is not the racy numbers but how well do you feel after a lengthy trip? How comfortable were you along the way? Is there enough room to "take it with you?" How is the interior laid out? I can tell you that taking a trip in a Five Hundred sedan will be an experience unmatched by anything else in its price class.
When I first saw the vehicle I knew that I wanted to have one of my own. I got one the next month, and boy have I ever had fun with it. I have not regretted getting it since the day that I got it. The performance of the car was phenomenal.
Pretty reliable : no issues in 36k. Has good pep, handles quite well, is well laid out inside, is roomy. Base seats are awful, gas mileage is so-so, and somewhat noisy inside (but I'll take that as a trade off for a lighter more nimble car that does not need 200 hp to move)
Lots of things broken or falling apart on this car after only tw and half years. Today we had to replace the ignition switch as it locked down on the key and wouldnt release it. To the tune of $almost $400 bucks at the dealer. Their comment was , "This is a common problem on the Focus and Fusion'. Yeah, Ford=Fix Or Repair Daily.
Bought this car used for my wife for daily commute to work. It had around 22000 miles. Within four months of owning the Ford, the tires were bald and the alternator had to be replaced three times because it kept shorting out. The front rotors were alos bad we were told. On top of this my insurance company charges more to insure this model of car. 
 My brother inherited a basic 2007 Focus sedan in 2007. He took me for a drive and was I ever impressed. I then purchased a 2007 Focus SES sedan to drive to work and have been very satisfied ever since. I am 6' 2" and still I have more than enough room. The storage and interior are very well planned. Fold-down 60/40 rear seats permit the storage of some large cargo. My wife usually dislikes small cars but she loves the Focus. I purchased the premium seats and they are quite comfortable on long trips. I have driven 40k miles without any problems. The dealer has maintained the car according to the recommended schedule. Replacement parts such as filters are very inexpensive. 
When my old Tracer wagon died, I couldn't find anything in my price range. In NYC at the time, car dealers were selling foreign cars and luxury cars. My husband finally found a Ford dealer with a few Focuses on the lot. All I had to do was sit in the drivers seat, and fell in love. It felt like my Tracer, with controls easily accessible, excellent comfort for my bad back, and great fuel mileage for the rapdidly increasing fuel costs. Add to that the low cost, and it beat out the Toyotas, Mazda 3 and 6, and Honda Civic hands down. I would have considered it a bargain even without the $2500 rebate and excellent financing I was able to obtain.
I love this car. The interior is a little plain compared to the Colbalt and stuff. But otherwise, this has been a great car. It now has over 55,000 miles on it, and is still running strong. I haven't had to replace a thing on this car. Its great for me. I just can't stop talking about it.
I'm a skier so I take this car everywhere. I get 30+ MPG in the winter and I regulary get 33-35 in the summer. I added a roof rack and a tully so I can load it up to go camping. The sound system with the subwoofer is great. Only complaint I have is the road noise from the stock tires.
We bought this for our daughter when she graduated from high school. It's a great little car and gets excellent gas mileage. She drove to Florida last August to do a internship at Walt Disney World and just this month her father and I flew to Orlando to drive back home with her. Lots of room in the vehicle and my husband is over 6'. My only complaint is that when we went to come home we had the oil changed and noticed the rear tires were completely bald, front tires still looked good so we had the front tires put on the back and new ones on the front. Drove 1500 miles and now the rear tires are bald. I will never own another set of Pirellis. 
The focus has gotten 39mpg hwy. aver. 27 mpg. Responsive,fun to drive. could have used some sound deadening to give a more quality feel. Orig. tires, Hankook shot at 17000 mi. tires rotated every 6000mi. Driving style conservative. Brakes warped too soon. 
We purchased this vehicle after owning a 2000 Focus LX. Our new coupe looked great in red with black cloth interior. We paid about $16k BUT were very impressed with the improvements made over the 2000 model. The interior quality is much improved, as is the sound deadening, ride, handling, and POWER. The DOHC 2.0L offers plenty of mid-range torque with an impressive intake growl. The brakes are good, but lack anti-lock. The stock sound system is adequate. The vehicle handles VERY well for its class; it is difficult to lose grip even in the wet. Replaced alternator at 48,000 miles ($220 from AutoZone), and a front marker lamp at 44,000 miles. Overall, we love the looks and performance.
Best car buying experience I have ever had, no contest. Salesman and dealer were superb. The car is fabulous. Compared to my wife's Scion, this car cost the same and is much, ,more. No comparison. And the Scion is a nice car. Generous factory rebate of $2500. I bought my beautiful light blue Focus hatchback for less than $12,000. No money out of pocket. Car is fun and sportscar like. Ford is stupidly dropping the hatchback. Go get one while you can!
After a trying three years of ownership with an 02 Focus, I decided to give it another go with an 07. I've had the car for a day so far. Performance is good, comfort is good, a very good value for the money. Long range reliability isn't promising, so get an extended warranty that covers more than powertrain - you won't regret it. My 02 was great until it 50k - it was all downhill for the last 22k miles of ownership with that car. With the 07's, the SE and SES are the best values if you want A/C.
Just got this car in the past few days as a replacement for another vehicle. I have found that this cars basic features are better than the same type cars in its class and I have no problems with this car so far. I did a great deal of research on this car and liked the MPG and the way it handles on the road. I have the added features of cruise control and side air bags that my last 2007 vehicle did not have plus that same gas savings even with the added horse power. Not as costly as a Toyota in the same class and is a better car than the 2007 Yaris that I had to replace. I would highly recommend this car for anyone looking for a fun way to get from here to there with good dependability.
I drive highway to and from work every day about 80 miles round trip. I used to have a Cavalier that got 32 mpg and the Focus is only getting 29. I wish I had my Cavalier with 100,000 miles back.
Well right after my first review, the gas mileage took a nose dive down to the low 20's. Ford won't address this issue until 10,000 miles. Still fun to drive though. I had a squeak too, dealer said it was a something to do with the parking brake sleeve?
We use the vehicle for daily transportation to work and routines. It handles well, the options make the car look very nice and it has comfortable leg room for driving long distances. The dash board controls are well organized and easily accessible. Cup placements could be repositioned for easier access and use. 
Very good car for the price I got it for. Handles like a slot car and feels more than 151 horses, good mileage too!
3 months, 4500 miles so far. Mileage is 32 highway with cruise control at 75 mph, 26 around town. Far better than my old Ranger, but less than EPA unrealistic estimates. No mechanical troubles or noises. Plenty of room in rear seat for most people. Handles very well around corners, much better than anything else I've owned. Pirelli P6 tires are quiet, but track pavement grooves. Acceleration is good for this size car, low end torque is also good. Go through the gears and be in 5th by 40 mph. Brakes good. I have the safety package with side seat airbags, haven't been able to find seat covers that don't interfere with airbags. Sun visors are wimpy and look too cheap. Overall very pleased.
The little ZX3 is not a Mazda 3 but it is its less expensive cousin with the almost same 2.0 engine less the vvt. Too bad that Ford is replacing the hatch back in 08 with a coupe, but maybe it will drive just as well. I am getting 25 mpg in town and on a trip across California and Arizona on the interstate, I got 30 mpg average on a 400 mile trip, and my ZX is an automatic. I have only had it for a few months but they have been trouble free, and Ford now has a 5 year 60K warranty just in case. It's a solid little car for the price. 
We have not had this car for but a few days, but it is the neatest and best equipped car you can get for the money. We have a black SE sedan with the auto trans, tilt/telescoping wheel, speed control and the sport group, which includes the T-rated tires and multi-spoke alloy wheels and fog lamps, tach and leather wrapped steering wheel. The anti-theft as standard is a delight. The car has the 50-state emissions 2.0L, but the power is right where you need it on our two-lane hilly roads. It is a really nice handling and power combination for the 55-75 mph range. We stepped up from a Contour, we've had two. It is a step up in every way, and not much smaller of a car. 
This is probably the last affordable station wagon that provides what stations are supposed to: space, with a lot of fuel economy, without paying for the performance of the car. My only complaint would be about the interior design where a few more compartments could be added, and the quality of the materials could be higher. It would be great if all the accessories offered on the British version of this car were available.
When gas prices looked like they wouldn't be headed below $3 per gallon last summer, I started looking for a more fuel-efficient car to replace my Saturn VUE. In the past year, I've had opportunities to drive several small cars (Focus, Civic, Mazda3) and midsizers (Fusion, Mazda6, Accord, G6, Maxima). In my book, the Focus and Mazda3 were at the top of the list where driving dynamics are concerned. Since I'm 6'3" tall, head and leg room are big considerations in a small car - - and the Focus fit me better than any other in the class. Add to that the incentives on the Focus and the fact that I live in a state (MI) that's rather dependent on Ford's business success, and the choice is made.
Purchased Oct. 2006 and have driven for about two months. Audiophile system rocks, moonroof is superb, ABS braking system is outstanding. Am getting about 26 - 35 mpg. Fun car to drive and extremely comfortable. Feel safer than ever with side airbags.
I purchased an '06 SE on July 29 and totaled the car on August 2 via a driver pulling out in front on me. The outside of my car was completely smashed starting on the front left. The inside remained almost unimpacted minus the airbag debris. While I could afford a higher ticket car, I am completely confident and pleased with Ford's Focus. I purchased a '07 SES a month ago and am completely satisfied thus far.
As far as driving goes, it's kinda "spunky". I'm getting over my loss on a nice '95 Mustang GT. But, this little car has surprised me. It's a base model 5-speed. So far the only thing I'm complaining about is a slight engine tapping/knocking. Which I'm still yet to get checked out. But overall, she looks very promising for future modifications.
 I own a 2006 Focus, and previously owned a 2001. I drive two 2005 Corollas as fleet cars at work, and must say that I consider the Focuses better in absolutely every respect: fit and finish, handling, interior design -- in every way. I do not know where automotive writers get their biases from.
This car is fun, safe and easy to drive. I had a 2005 Focus and was in a head-on collision recently. The accident totaled my Focus, but I survived (great seatbelt & airbags) and purchased a 2007 Focus. This time I went a series up and I love it!
This car is really fun to drive. The interior is as appealing as the exterior. I love every feature of the car, from the way it handles around corners, to the built in sub woofer. 151 hp and a tuned suspension and makes driving through the winding mountain roads feel like a roller coaster. And the street appearance package makes people's heads turn - it looks fast. This was a great investment and the price was just right. I would recommend this car to anyone.
I bought the SES because of the standard fun stuff, plus the availability of ABS and side curtain airbags. The Pirelli tires on 16 inch rims are an added bonus.
Excellent car for the price. Get 32+ mpg in combined city and highway usage. Has a peppy engine but don't like the way the transmission shifts in low gears. Handles well at 70 mph. Interior is well designed but costs were cut in materials used. Audio system is fine. Many switches (e.g., windshield wipers) work in the opposite manner than other cars I drive. Very roomy for a compact.
We love our 2007 Ford Focus. We have put about 1000 miles on it in the first 3 weeks and love to drive the car. We're getting about 26mpg of combined highway and city mileage. I would expect that to improve after the first 1000-3000 miles. The car has a ton of zip around town and the highway. It's nice and quiet and just fun to drive. We have two 2006 F150's but my wife and I fight to drive the Focus.
I bought this car because it was all I could get financed for. It is fun to drive, and not too hard on the eyes. The advertised gas mileage is complete horse puckey, but I still average about 24 mpg. On long road trips I get about 31. The rear shocks squeak loudly, and the "upgraded stereo" sounds horrible. But all in all, it handles like a little race car and the get up and go is nice.
I leased this car because I was tired of using my Toyota Solara as a truck and I needed a vehicle for my many trips to Home Depot and did not feel the need for an SUV. I wanted something smaller that would serve my purposes. This Focus Hatchback has exceeded my expectations. It is fun to drive and the 4 cylinder Mazda engine is extremely quiet and it will haul you away from a stop that will leave other drivers wondering what's under the hood. I've carried a 6000 watt generator, 13x13 rolled rug, ladders, power tools and more shrubs, fertilizer and potting soil than I can count. The cargo area just swallows cargo.
The Focus ST is more than the sum of its parts. The good; 0-60 in under 8 seconds. Effortless commuting & cruising. Superb handling with a Progress 22MM rear bar and Goodyear F1 GS-D3 tires to replace the mediocre Pirellis. Rich, communicative feedback from the tight, responsive steering. Very responsive, torquey 2.3L engine. Comfortable on 6+ hour trips. Seats 4 full size adults comfortably. Slick shifting 5 speed manual with a light, smooth clutch. Huge trunk that gets bigger by folding seats. Comfortable, upright seating position. The bad; interior rattles & squeaks. Indifferent fit & finish, huge panel gaps. Below average fuel economy for the performance. 26 MPG w/73% hwy.
Fun car to drive. Handles very well. Pickup is good for a small car. Good mileage, around 30 in hwy. The interior could be improved - looks like cheap plastic parts. The cruise control has some logistical problems. When you switch it ON, there is no indicator to tell you its on! Should improve the quality of the audio system. The default one is really bad, cheap electronics.
I have had this car for 2 weeks, and had a 2000 Focus before that. I love this car! It handles better than a VW, & has great acceleration. I drive a lot on highways, & this car has no problem driving 80 mph in the passing lane, zipping through traffic! Gas mileage is about 29-32 mpg, but I drive really aggressively. This is fantastic for me, I was only getting 18 mpg with my old car. I would buy this car again, over and over.
So far I am very happy with the new Focus. I am impressed with the comfort of the seating, front and back. The soft leather interior is great. The engine sound is minimal. Handles turns nicely. Can't wait to take this vehicle on a long road trip. Really impressed with road mileage on fuel. Exterior is sound and the colors are marketable. I love the keyless entry and the security that I have with my Focus. Overall so far I am impressed.
This car is enjoyable to drive, I have a long commute and needed good mpg. I would love to give this car all 10 rates but for one problem, there is a very irritating squeak from the back end that the dealer cannot seem to fix yet so quality and fun suffer. Mpg's are not up to advertised claims but still not bad.
After several test drives of vehicles in this class of car (be realistic and don't expect a Toyota Avalon) it seemed to be the best choice. I was looking for a run here run there car. At 1500 miles average about 27 mpg rural/highway mileage. I don't live near large city so no actual city miles. Good road feel, handling and ride for compact car. Power sufficient (2.0L auto) even in hilly area of PA but does have to downshift often. Only problem was towed back to dealer when engine shut off and wouldn't restart.Took dealer 2 days to fix problem. Don't believe this to be a common problem. Matter of fact tow operator did state Focus is not high on his list of customers but lowered my reliability rating. 
The car so far is what I expected and a little more. 4 tanks of gas and average right around 30 mpg with mixed highway and constant stop n go driving. This car is very easy and enjoyable (very fun at times) to drive in all situations so far.
I traded a 2002 PT Cruiser with 73,000 miles for this car after having starting problems with the Cruiser and the locking device going haywire--locking and unlocking by itself. So far, I really enjoy this Ford Focus more than I did the Cruiser. Granted, I miss the retro look. But, the Focus has a great European style design. It kind of reminds me of some Volvos I have seen around town. It brakes extremely well, and has a quick take off for a 4 cylinder. It gets better gas mileage than the Cruiser I had. Also, it handles much better than a 2000 Neon that I also owned previously. I can feel weight to the car as I drive it, and I like that. It corners well, and I don't feel excessive leaning.
This car is a lot of fun to drive, very quick at the start with a 2.3L Duratech 24. Tuned suspension system that keeps the body from rolling at high speed cornering. Great street appearance package that gets plenty of looks. Great trunk and back seat space in the sedan. Sweet looking interior complete with leather. Super nice Sony 6 disk sound system includes sub woofer in trunk. Love this car would recommend this car! 
I only have 1,200 miles on my ZX3 5 speed manual. This vehicle is advertised as getting 27 mpg city and 37 mpg highway. I drive mainly highway mileage and baby this car and still am not getting any better than 28.5 mpg.
Great car! Comfortable, roomy, spirited and very reasonably priced.
I took a large loss trading in my suv in order to get the boldly advertised mpg rating of 27-37. After a month I find I am getting 25mpg. The car is fun and cute and good value for what it is, but people are buying these cars for the mileage and Ford is severely misrepresenting the mpg estimates on the Focus. It's more like mpg fantasies. 
With the ST 2.3 liter getting 26 m.p.g. city/some hwy. Very good performance. I think interior is very good. Has lots of extras for comfort. Compared to my stolen Jeep Liberty, it drives like a sports car. Stick shift is easy, saves gas,weight, and mechanical complexity.
My 93 Escort GT was on its last legs, due to an accident. It would have made it a couple more years without a doubt. Alas, it was not meant to be. Thus a search for a suitable replacement began. Toyota Yaris, Honda Fit, Chevy Aveo, etc. Final solution: Focus ZX4 SE with almost every option, except cold weather package, and 16" wheels. X plan and $2500.00 rebate plus a little trade in equaled about $14k. A similarly equipped Honda Civic - well over $20k. No-brainer. 
I've owned my little car only 2 weeks but it is a blast to drive so far. I traded in my 2000 Ford Ranger pickup truck for something smaller with better gas mileage. I researched every car in the hatchback category and narrowed my choice to the Honda Fit, Toyota Yaris, and the Ford Focus. For the money, the Focus was the best value for me. Yes, the trade-in value will be lower than the others, but for the years I will be driving it, I have more features, a great design, and a reliable history. Plus, Ford gave $2k in rebates that made the price perfect.
I like the stick shift. The transmission is smooth and aids with fuel economy. The heater and AC are great and easy to control. The rear seats are a little cramped for big people but I rarely have anyone in the rear. I'll buy another Focus when this one has a lot more miles on it. 
Very nice car. My wife wanted red and got it. Loves the sporty look and interior design, and location of accessories. We have a daughter that had one and liked it so we also purchased one. At this time nothing has gone wrong with it and I hope nothing will. I would purchase a second new one if I didn't need my truck for hauling.
My husband and I got this car less than two years ago brand new. We only use it for commuting to work so it has low mileage. It doesn't get the posted fuel economy.. 6 months ago it started shuddering at stops. They told us it was a transmission leak and supposedly fixed it. Two weeks ago it began dying at stops so they replaced a tranny gasket. Now only two weeks later, its shuddering, dying, and has a fast leak of transmission fluid puddling everywhere. We can smell it as we drive, too. Ford is putting a bandaid on a big hidden problem and we're thinking of trading this lemon in before the warranty is out and we're stuck replacing a transmission out of pocket.
I like this car. I bought it used with 17k on it. I'm 6'2" and it's cramped inside a little. This is definitely a little person car. There a no power amenities. Reminds me of my old Ford Escort. It seems like the same size but I put on weight about 50 lbs, so this car is gonna make me skinny again. Overall a steal for under 15 thou. Good gas milage, handles well. But they need to do a factory recall on the gas cap. Almost every review I read about this car complaims about the smell of gas. I had to take mine back to the dealer and he tightened it up and reset the codes.
This is my second Focus. At 40K miles, the stock 6 CD player started draining the battery, causing me to need jumps as long as the main fuse allowed power to the radio/Cd. I spoke with Ford - not covered. Nearly new car, dying nightly, now working again only because I pulled the fuse. Ford is aware of the issue, but won't work it. This has soured me on Ford, and the Focus, and I won;t be buying another FMC product.
we leased a 2007 ford focus and returned it 2 weeks ago to purchase a 2009tord fusion. To our shock, we rec'd a bill from FMC stating we owe$600.00 for overuse of the perille tires. We have always leased, and never have we rec'd a bill for anything.,called other ford motor dealers and they stated the perille tires are only warranted for 1 yr..why is FMC putting tires on cars that they know in advance will not hold up.,we turned the car inw/31,000 miles, perille tire is suppose to be good for 40.000 miles. FMC is really shooting themselves in the foot because if we are forced to pay this, it will be the last ford we ever buy. what an insult to the consumer. tires were noisy & poor traction.
Over all, this is the best car I ever owned; once the back seats are folded, the trunk is so big, people dont believe what I put in it. I need space in the back and this car is perfect. I plan to keep it for a long time.
I wrote a review on here not too long ago and I have read some of the reviews on here. I'm sorry to hear that some people had problems with Pirelli tires. I didn't have to replace 2 of them until I was just over 45,000 miles on my car, and that's after my driving like a bat out of hell . Besides regular maintenance, I only had to replace a tail light bulb. The performance of the car is awesome- I can outrun many cars when I need to! It's always fun to drive, especially fast! With all of this, I'm getting on average 30 to 32mpg and when I chill out from going fast I get as much as 38mpg. Totally worth the purchase! I'm not planning to buy another car anytime soon. I made a great choice.
Ford did a good thing with the ST. It handles like a dream and is fun to drive. My wife and I love it! Too bad Ford stopped the ST. It has been good on fuel with a high of 37 Hwy and averaging 28-30 in town. This car eats the mountain roads in Arizona and is a real road car! We are in our 60's and would like to see Ford do something with the new Focus, turbo, etc. Just because you are a senior doesn't mean the younger generation are the only ones to have fun driving! Bring it on, Ford!! We'll be looking (and hoping).
This is my second Focus, and about the 10th Ford I've owned. The vehicle has great reliability, I do all highway driving and have averaged about 31.5 MPG. It's not as good as my old Mazda GLC (averaged 51 MPG) I had in college, but for a commuter vehicle it's pretty good. I intend to give it to my 14 y.o. as his car when he is ready.
3rd one. Have rented a variety of vehicles for our trips. Drove my 1st Focus and said ?I want this this car?. Brought one in 1998, then in 2000 (had over 200,000 miles w/no problems) and then traded it in for my third one. Travel about 120 miles a day and just thought it was time, each was an exceptional car. For a compact car it?s versatility is good, plently of room, especially head room. I recomend this car for fuel efficency, good city MPG/very good hwy MPG, has good accelertion. Nice riding car and very comfortable on trips. It?s underpriced considering its quality and reliablity. It?s everything I needed and more. When I?m ready to trade-in for a new vehicle, it will be another Focus!
i have had this car almost two years and have had nothing but problems with it. Within 5 months new brakes and rotors. Dash panel lights have gone out three times. Now battery and alternator problems. Not only that in the last year I have had to replace the tires and rims! And they need to be done again. I will never own a Focus again. Not good for car seats or tall people. 
The Focus that I bought a year and half ago was an exceptional car. I have driven it as a delivery car and have had almost no problems with it so far. Its versatility is good and for a small car it has plently of room. I would recomend this car to anyone that is looking for fuel efficency and a nice rideing small car. The only thing I would have done differently was bought he 2.3L engine for better pick up. 
This small car has great get up and a very nice drive. It is comfortable on long trips.
This small car has great get up and a very nice drive. It is comfortable on long trips.
I have 50k on this car already-going back and forth from WA to TN and I could not ask for a better car. We did a trip across the country with 4 adults and we were all comfortable. We also spent only $380 in gas (Aug 08). I have the mileage up to 40 mpg. The only thing I have had to replace (besides maintence items) was a blinker bulb for $1.41. I have owned a lot of cars including a Volvo and a Lexus and several Hondas and this has been by far the best car I have owned. I will run this car until it has a million miles on it and go trade it in for another Focus. Get a 5 speed--it makes them way more fun to drive
No problems with vehicle. Good MPG in city/highway driving, very good MPG highway driving. Comfortable, and decent acceleration. ABS and 15" alloy wheels a must.
This is my second Ford Focus and I love it. It is fun to drive, great on vacations and a very comfortable small car.
I have the 2007 ST - a special performance model. The 2.3 L engine delivers good power (151 HP) and great torque (154 lbs) at a low rpm. It is more than adequate, better still can be easily improved. The car's upgraded suspension handles great at high speeds and is still comfortable to drive. It's very stable and responsive (the euro spec ST & SVT heritage helps here). Brakes are also very good with 4 wheel disk and ABS. Winter driving is helped by the traction control, heated seats & mirrors. Summer is fun w/ the sunroof, A/C & the great sounding Sony speakers and tuned stereo with a sub. I found the car very well optioned for the price. I look forward to drive it as much as possible.
The exhaust on this car is loud. I wake my neighbors in the morning when I start it up. The seats are not comfortable. When sitting behind other cars at a stop light, exhaust comes into the cabin even if the intake/air conditioning is off. Don't buy this car. I guess that "quality is no longer job one" at Ford. 
It may seem silly, but the removable cup holders ended up being quite the lifesaver! Fast turns and sharp braking always caused my coffee to spill over, and now cleaning is a snap! Just take the cupholder out after work and pop it into the dishwasher. Awesome idea, wonder why my other cars didn't have this feature. The major flaw I found is that the paint is scratched and chipped way too easily. New scratches seem to appear out nowhere everyday! Everything else on this car is solid, and this car is definitely underpriced considering its build quality, reliability, and amusing driving experience. 
Good car overall, interior is roomy but cup holders far away and cups tip over. Have always felt the car pulled to the right, I'm a women so the excuse I get it's just the road. Steering is stiff to me. Pirelli tires not good, only 21,000 miles and already need replaced. Ford states tires have even wear but baldness not their problem. 
I bought this ZX4 as a salvage fix up had 6000 miles on it. I now have 17000 and it is a very good car so far. No problems. Decent ride for a small car. Handles well. Good acceleration. Very pleased as of this time. I get 25 mpg with city and freeway driving.
This is my second ZX3. My first '07 was totaled in March. Both of these cars are/were 5 speed S models. The only option on both was A/C. I have gotten 39 to 40 mpg on both these cars without running the air. With the A/C on I get 34 to 35. This car is a lot of fun to drive and the only negative comment would be the road noise-- it's not a problem on good roads. Maybe Ford will make another hatchback soon. The second one had Goodyears the first Hankook tires. The Goodyears are not as quiet but they are holding up well at 17,500 miles. This is a great car for the money. I can recommend it highly.
I bought htis car to use in travelling sales job. I have almost 72k miles on this car since 9/06 and only a few problems. As others have stated the Pirelli tires were gone at 20k miles. While under warranty cracked hub, broken stabilizer arm and brake drum were replaced. At 30k miles rear struts were replaced ( I sometimes carry excess of 350lbs in trunk and back seat). At 60k thousand miles had to replace alternator. I am large man 5'11" and weigh 300lbs, interior is roomy enough except on trips over 4 hrs. Driver side seat needs to be replaced, but that is my fault. Car still gets great gas mileage and is really quick. Fun to drive in mountains and never fails to go when pushed.
Best mileage so far is 36.5 MPG. Five speed manual shifts easily. On open road, car interior is very noisey (road noise), and is the only downside. Fit and finish was ok since hatch was not aligned very well from factory. Placement of the aux power receptacle is questionable since located very high on the dash. I use the car for basic commute averaging 75 miles per day. Unfortunate that Ford decided to discontinue the hatch. Smaller engine (1.5 liter )and taller gears (2 thru 6 instead of 1 thru 5) would have made great mileage candidate. Advertised split rear seat refers to seat back only, and not seat bottom, so not truely a split seat configuration. 
I bought this car for my daughter but find that I'm driving it more because it's fun to drive, nimble and great on fuel. Very unlike my first car, with moonroof, heated seats and CD player, it's a blast to drive and a terific value. 
It is a nice car that has a few glitches. The car has a prolonged start on occasion and losses power when the air conditioner is running. The car is fun to drive, however, the pirelli tires didnt last for very long. I had to replace the tires after 9 months of owning the car and it only had 19,000 miles on it. Ford didn't stand behind the quality of the tires and I had to spend 460 for new tires on a fairly new car!
After driving a GMC Jimmy, the ride is much different and can't really be compared. For a small car, it is very fun to drive and it let's me pass the gas pumps giving good gas mileage. This model's standard features are great with it's leather seats, 6-CD stereo pkg with controls on the steering column and cruise as well as a sunroof. Telescopic steering wheel is great especially if you and your spouse are going to drive the vehicle - saves a lot of arguments! It has great handling and when I drive this car I feel like Mario Andretti! I would recommend this car to anyone looking to save dollars on gas and is a fun to drive car. 
Nothing on this car is automatic - not the shift, nor the windows or the door locks...but that's good for someone looking for economy. It will get you where you are going and is very good on gas. Be sure the gas cap is on tightly or else fumes can come into the car. NIce small compact car that's fun to drive. Thye extra safety package is nice too.
We bought a 2007 Ford Focus S base model in Nov., no p/w or locks, just a plain jane get to work car. With only 6,400 Miles on it, the headlights have dimmed a lot, dash lights dimmed, battery light comes on. Replaced battery after getting stuck on the side of interstate, and still have the same problem. Its sad when you have to have your vehicle serviced at only 6,400 Miles for powertrain prolems. Do not buy this car unless you go and get a 2008 model that is showing to have better build quality! But on the other hand, if you don't have a lead foot, it has great mpg.
I bought this vehicle new for the price and MPG. I bought the automatic and the engine has great pick up. No problem entering the freeways in the big city I live in. I've had this car over one year with not one problem. Great gas mileage and would suggest it to anyone for about any reason. Small but offers big benefits!
Had vehicle for almost a year. Vehicle has enough pep to get you around but isn't a sports car, so you shouldn't get into much trouble. Stores long items decently. Car doesn't get hot even while idling in the middle of summer with ac running.
I bought my 2007 Ford Focus ST as a leftover in Jan.2008. The 2007 Focus had $3000. in rebates plus came with a 60 month/100,000 powertrain warranty. I had a 2005 Crown Victoria that I just loved but with rising fuel cost it was not affordable. I traded in for this 2007 Focus ST to lower my payment & save fuel. Much to my surprise, I actually like this car. The car is sporty looking, has plenty of power,it came loaded with power windows,p/locks,cruise,a/c,6 cd player,heated seats & mirrors & a pwr sunroof. The car gets 31 mpg city/hwy combined. With a 5spd manual trans its fun to drive,rides & handles well
I bought this car new so that I could commute to college in something that would get me many miles in few gallons and not break down. The Focus actually feels solid and made of steel unlike the Corolla, and the Sentra is lethargic and boring. I've enjoyed taking on twisties and downshifting to 3rd for passing, the manual transmission is great. The pickup is good too, first gear loves to move and all the others do so as well at the right time. Snow performance was awesome, you'd be amazed at what a little momemtum can do. My sister's 4WD Jeep got stuck in the same driveway in 10 inches of snow that my FWD Focus took like a champ. The looks combine both youth and maturity, and it works well.
Purchased an 07 Focus SE 4 Sdn (Kiwi Green Met.) for the wife in Feb 08. After driving it on weekends and enjoying the ride, gas mileage, and overall feel, I traded in my personal business (ministry) car for a second 2007 Focus SE (Infa Red) with sport appearance pkg and 6-CD. Would definitely recommend this car to someone looking for a good handling, fun to drive, and good gas mpg car!
2007 SES sedan 5MT. This car was purchased as a commuter car to keep from putting so many miles on the Mustang and to do my part to help reduce my carbon footprint. Purchased for its base cost, fuel economy, and because it's a Ford (I'm a Ford guy). So far (after 7 months and 14,000 miles) it has met my expectations for an economy car. Fuel economy has been between 30 and 37 mpg, and power, although not overwhelming, is acceptable with the 5-speed. Styling is more grown-up than the 1st-gen and the current Focus. Everything works like it should. My cars are all well- maintained, so I'm interested in how this one holds up over the years.
I've owned full size cars all my life. This is the fisrt small car I ever had and I love it! Very sporty and comfortable. It has amazing power out of the hole and on hills. Which most small cars need 2 miles to get up to 55 mph. Talking about being small, it's not at all. The room in the cabin is incredible! The seats and controls are very comfortable to sit and reach, well thought out. Even though gas is $3.20 per gal. I still just drive to nowhere because it's so much fun to drive, even on a long trip. Very happy with my zx4 Ses Focus (2007)
This is my 2nd Focus ZX3. 01 and now an 07. Love it. No problems and got out of an 03 Wrangler to save on fuel. Top quality for a small car. Excellent fit finish and driving fun.
I had a 1996 Contour and bought this car 9 months ago as a replacement and already have put 10k in miles on it. I have not been disappointed. The car gets great gas mileage. I drove from Raleigh to DC on 7.5 gallons! You can seriously get 36mpg if you stay around 65mph. I found you get around 30mpg 70mph+. I love the way this car handles and the smoothness of it when I drive. I seriously feel like I'm driving a car that is worth 2x as much as I paid. The only downside I have is the interior leg room. I'm 5'9" and I have the set pushed all the way back. There is no way I'll ever be able to push those rear seats down for extra cargo space and be able to drive. 
I bought this (new) because I needed a cheap commuter car to get to work. I bought the most basic, bare bones Focus I could get and was able to get it for under 10,000. I got the 5-speed manual and if driven smartly I get about 41mpg highway and about 35mpg city. No joke, I track it very closely as money is tight. With rising gas prices, this car is a life saver on gas. I highly recommend this if you're a college stuff, like myself, or want a very reliable basic car with great gas mileage. I drove this vehicle the day after I bought it from San Jose, CA all the way to Atlanta, GA and had absolutely no problems anywhere along the way (52hr trip, no stops except for gas). Great buy. 
Purchased new as 'around town' car, specifically for good gas mileage. Haven't gotten it. Averaging about 23 mpg combined, and under 30 on highway only (driver and one passenger only). Interior is cramped for older people, difficult to enter/exit as door sills are quite high. Front seat legroom is very limited (tho seemed OK during the test drive). Front storage/conveniences quite limited: any beverage in cup holders is prone to spill/tip as driver and passenger legs have no where else to go. Wipers are quiet. Radio is good. Steering/handling is good/fun. Sporty handling. Very poor gas mileage. Recommend against this car for anyone 5'10" or more, or over 200 lbs, or anyone buying for mpg.
Before my Focus I drove a '93 Escort. This Focus with the 5-speed manual is a much better car. I don't really have any gripes about the car. Gas mileage is good, and the car is very peppy, and handles great. Love the sound system, I got the 6 disc changer/ MP3 stereo. Sharp looking car in black.
Bad stuff first. At 500 miles, major oil leak from defective rivet in engine block. Dealer repaired, good so far. Front tires out of balance from day of delivery. Creaking and groaning noises from rear axle, shock area. Dealer cant find the problem. Gas mileage is 22mpg city and 27mpg highway. Only 3000 miles so far. Paid 13,300, has side airbag pkg. Paid extra for extended warranty and premium maintanance plans. Gas mileage is 22- 23city and 27 highway. Not good.
I wanted a car which would fulfill both my need for speed and be attainable on a modest budget. One of the things I was really looking for was a stickshift. I got this car used with just 8K miles on it and fully loaded for a song. I have ended up driving it 1.5K miles in 2weeks. This is living the very busy life of a medical resident with only a few free hours daily which i have enjoyed spending with this car. I love the handling and the feel of the car and the acceleration and power is more than sufficient to easily exceed legal speeds. This car is fully loaded and I love all the creature comforts. In a nutshell the best buy i've ever made.
The 07 Focus is a good little car. It has all the features that you need to have a comfortable ride except for space. If you're a bigger person (I'm 6'4") the leg room up front can be a little cramped.
I was looking for a 2nd car to replace my much beloved, but(sick), gas sucking 1997 Suburban. This being just a second car I didn't want to spend a lot but I also didn't want something boring to drive, and also I didn't want to spend a lot. Well I couldn't pass up the rebates, end of model incentives, and the price. Over all this car is fairly nice, I'm not real crazy about the perelli P6 tires, and the gas mileage is a little less than expected, and a 6 sp manual option would have been nice. 
I purchased the car about 7 months ago and have already put 10K miles on it. I have not had one single issue with it. I had the dealer put some low pros on it with 17" rims which make the already well handling car better in handling. It's probably the best handling car I've owned even better than the Honda I used to have. I've never owned a Ford before but I'm definitely impressed with this car and will buy another Ford. I get a lot of compliments on how the car looks and it has the feel of being mechanically sturdy.
I love this car. It's easy to drive, the interior is very intelligently designed and it feels like a much bigger car yet drives very sporty. My only complaint is an annoying squeak from the area of the backseat which so far, Ford has been unable to fix.
I bought this car almost 3 months ago. I had a 95 Escort before this one. The biggest improvement I noticed first is 48 more horsepower with the same 31 mpg I was getting with the Escort. Lots of power for a little car. I looked at the Hondas, Kias, etc. looking for a good comuter car without costing a bundle. This car is loaded with features that would have cost a lot more had I bought a Honda or Toyota! A lot of car for the price!
I've only had the car for about a month. Its fun to drive. It now has just over 1,500 miles on it. I had a Dodge Dakota before it. Its quite a change from having a large truck to got to something half that size.
I love this car! Had it coming up on 2 years and haven't had one ioda of a problem with it. Never been serviced (Helps dad owns on muffler shop) or had it back at the dealership. I was really skeptical buying this as I wasn't impressed with Focus's of the past besides the SVT. So when I was told this was the car that discountinued the SVT, I had to test it out. I walked out 2 hours later a proud owner! The interior is a little bland and my leg rubs against the center console, besides that I fit in there like a glove and I am 6'1 280. So not small. Also this car goes! I have done a couple small things and doing about 175hp and doing 14.1 in 1/4. I love the looks on other peoples faces! :)
I find the Focus wagon to be just about the right size for all my needs. It can carry 5 passengers, though the back seat might be a little cramped for large people. With the back seat folded down, it can carry a surprisely big load. It handles nicely in all traffic situations. It has plenty of get-up and go. Merging into expressway traffic is no problem at all. At highway speeds (I tend to have a heavy foot) I average about 32mpg.
Having just traded in a VW Jetta for a Ford Focus, I have gone from flashy to bland. That's not a bad thing. The Focus gets much better gas mileage. It simply lacks the interior quality & design of the Jetta. The Focus handling is very good. The noise level is superb. There is none. If one is looking for a commuter car that offers great mileage , the Focus is a great choice.
I had a 2000 Focus and traded it in on a van for the wife and kids. I was looking for another small car. I drove Kia, Toyota, Nissan, and of course the Focus. I really enjoyed the 2000 Focus and when I drove the new ones that was it. They have really done a lot of improvements. I'm 6'3" and 250 lbs. It has a lot of room for a tall person. I would recommend this car to anyone.
A surprising car. The 2.0 is significantly faster than my beloved 2003 Protege ES. The ride is nice and soft, yet the car handles really well. There is a lot of body roll during spirited driving, but this isn't a performance model. Big truck easily fits a lawn mower. Soft seats, decent dead pedal placement, high seating position. If you don't care about looks, this is the best American car. Better than Neon and Cobalt Now the bad: This is an ugly little car. It looks like something poor people would drive in the former Soviet Union. Also, the interior is cheap and ugly, and after a while the plastic starts to smell. The engine sounds really weak, and the transmission shifts oddly at times
The car has performed better than I expected. It is a gold SES sedan. I took it on vacation and averaged over 30 mpg. It is a fun to drive car.
As soon as I test drove it I decided to buy it. For the price it is one nice ride. And whoever drives it also likes it. The only problem I have with it now is that my wife will not give it up.
I purchased this car after relocating across the country, and having to leave my old ride for the vultures. Needed a car that would fit the bill to haul all manner of awkward cargo and serve car- pool duty for my 80 mile (each way) commute. At 8 months and 18,000 miles in, my Focus has peformed reliably and without complaint. Not the nicest car in the segment, but for just over $14K, I got a 5 door hatchback with all the conveniences expected from a modern car, including the optional ABS and front side airbags, along with cruise control and a tilt/telescoping steering wheel. The driver's seat has so far proved comfortable for my 6'1" frame on drives up to 400 miles with no aches or pains.
I have had my car for a little over a month now and I love it! This is my first car that I bought. I picked this car because It was affordable and for some reason it had a more powerful engine then the Honda Civic which was 3000 dollars or more! I got really good deal and this car is very reliable and I will enjoy driving it for many years to come!
So far my wife really loves this car. It is very easy to drive (fun) with a great turning radius for tight parking spots and has very very good brakes.
I have had this car about a month now and so far have been pretty pleased. The 5-speed manual is very fun to drive and the car responds well. I have been getting about 30 MPG on about 50/50 driving. My biggest complaint are the really cheap sun visors. I did have a fit and finish problem with the hood and a paint drip above the rear light upon delivery.
After considering the much more expensive Honda, Toyota, and Mazda, I decided to buy a Focus. Besides, I believed Ford earned my business with their commitment to quality. This car is well thought out. Like others have said, it is small on the outside, but feels roomy on the inside. At 6'2" and 250 lbs., I feel comfortable. And yes, I can get into and out of the back seat painlessly. Yep, I did consider the Cobalt out of the other American cars. But, in my opinion, it is not nearly as good- looking. I'm getting 32-36 mpg with the fun-to-drive stick. And, it'll probably get better, as the car has just 2K on it. 
Since birth I've been a Ford enthusiast and that won't change. I've driven my share or cars (This meaning Civic and Focus) and I love the Focus much more. I currently have a ZX-3 do to the fact I like the style better than the sedan. I also love the list of performance parts I'm entitled to from Steeda, Roush, and Saleen. Although my Focus is stock with a five speed, it drives fast, handles perfect, comfortable, and gets great gas mileage. I plan to eventually add minor performance from Steeda and maybe in the future buy a 2005 Saleen Focus. 150 horsepower 150 lb ft tq with an all aluminum I-4. I test drove a regular S-121 and loved it right away. 
I wanted a car that is small on the outside yet big on the inside. In New York City this is the kind of car you need to drive on narrow 2 way streets, with cars double parked. This is a pretty car that has all the basic features, plus some. I chose this car over a Toyota Corolla or Honda Civic, for interior comfort, performance and price. I am leasing this car for 24 months, at low mileage. This exactly the type of lease I prefer. This is the first time I acquired a second car; with my first car always being a luxury car. 
I work for a delivery service. Since purchaseing this car in April 2007 I have placed 9000 miles on it with no problems. I really enjoy every minute in this car. The ride is great and the car coast on the Highway at 85 with little noise but reponsive speed. I average around 31 mpg during city and highway drive. At the same time this fuel efficeny is reached with my focus running no stop for 4-6 hours at a time. The interior is spacious and refined. On long trips at speed of 80- 85 mph I usually average 34-35 mpg on the highway. This car is a great buy with the ford deals and I would buy another in four years with out a question.
Smaller on the outside, yet bigger on the inside compared to other cars in this category, both domestic and foreign. With a few options, this car gave me all I needed, at a very low price. I like the fact that a low mileage lease was offered. 
I needed an economical, dependable, third car with a rack for my longboards. It has exceded all of my expectations. I have put 5,300 miles on it in 3 months. I modified a set of INNO racks and they work great. The Focus carries a ton of stuff, 2 9 foot plus boards on top, is very fun to drive, and gets decent gas mileage (25 to 30 mpg with the PZEV). I did not expect such a versatile vehicle. Ford should consider making an "Outback" style car based on the Focus. Unfortunately, this model is discontinued. Great cheap surf car for solo trips! Excellent commuter and general purpose vehicle. Amazingly quick and agile. Highly recommend.
When I test drove my Focus, I really wasn't planning on buying it. I was going to keep looking at the Dodge Stratus and Honda's because I didn't think a Focus would be big enough for me. I'm 6'2" 235lb's and have drove full size trucks all my life. After the test drive I was ready to make a deal. This car is a great car for the price. My first 2 tanks of gas averaged 34.5MPG. The car has good power and is very nimble. I would encourage you to choose a Focus over a Civic or Corrolla. For the price, you just can't beat a Focus.
Our expeience with this car has been fabulous so far. Our car has heated leather seats (in a Focus?), sunroof, Sony Audiophile 6 disc changer and subwoofer, side impact airbags, 4 wheel ABS, and all other standard features. You show me a Corolla or Civic with this much bang for the buck! And it rides soft in the straights, firm in the turns. On top of this, the ST is rated at 22/32 mpg. We averaged 32.4 mpg on our first tank...above EPA ratings. 
After owning a '94 Escort (which still runs) that had a bunch of little problems around 80k, I swore I would never buy another compact Ford. So I tested the competition, only the Mazda 3 left me inspired, but with all the rebates Ford had going, the 3 would have been at least about 4k more. My frugal side just couldnt pass up a nicely loaded new car for under 14k out the door! Get the side airbags (poor safety rating without them). 
The engine has lots more power than I expected. The seats are more comfortable than those in my 2005 Explorer. The gas mileage is really nice. I drive daily in the stop and go traffic on Dallas, TX freeways and I am getting close to 30mpg. 
This is the best car I ever bought, so far. It has plenty of get-up and go. It feels like a sports car, (I opted for the sports package with upgraded rims and tires). Great gas mileage. All around, fun and sporty car!
The Focus handles terrific, tight turning radius, a little firm on the ride but it is a small car. So far I am averageing 31 mpg with auto in mixed driving. It is a nice little car and should be considered over the Civic and Corolla if value is what you are after. I wish the auto press would consider this when they review them.
I bought the Focus as a daily driver and turned my Sport Trac into a weekend boat-toating, pleasure driver. The Focus has lived up to every expectation in the two weeks I've owned it. I drive over 60 miles each day and not only is the Focus fun to drive, but it surpassed all my expectations. I didn't think a 2.0L 4- cylinder could accelerate fast enough or have enough high end torque to hold my own in Orlando traffic, but I've been proven wrong. Not only that, but for my first full tank of gas I got 35 mpg. Not too shabby at all. 
Just purchased a 2007 Focus SE four door 1000 miles ago. The Focus is a very agile and comfortable and fun vehicle to drive. Very stable on the highway and on turns and curves. We are averaging 27-28 mpg city driving and 35-37 mpg on the highway. Seats are very comfortable for these two senior citizens. Lots of trunk and cargo area. The styling on these focuses are superior to any I have test drove or looked at. The 4 cyl engine has plenty of get and go and you will be driving at 75 mph and not even realize it. Very good acceleration. Very good braking action and stopping distances. Interior is laid very well placed.
This Focus is the second one I have bought new. I have always loved the get up and g" of the 2L engine. It doesn't feel loggy like so many other small cars. Being over 6' tall it is tough for me to even get into some small cars. Happily the Focus lets me drive with comfort. Finally, the large trunk has been great for those large shopping trips, as well as trips across country. It amazes me with the amount of room it has, even without accessing the room in the rear seat too.
Just got the Ford Focus SE 5 door. So far I like it. The gas millage is great. The Focus seems to handle very well.
So far I'm getting about 34 to 35 mpg on standard 5-speed. It seems wider and is higher than my Escort wagon, which I prefer. I think it is a good value compared to others on the market. For me, if it's not a Ford, it's not a car.
I love my Ford Focus! One of the best features is the SecureLock Anti-Theft system- without a programmed key, no key will work in the ignition switch! I love the look, feel, and the way that the car drives. My gas mileage for right now is a bit sluggish. I'm averaging between 290 and 330 miles per tank, which isn't very much with my automatic. But I have less than 5000 miles on it so I believe it will improve. This car is certainly worth the money, and for me being a college student, this was the perfect fit for my first new car. This was the perfect upgrade from my 1993 Toyota Camry that was dying out on me. Certainly worth the buy!
So far, I'm one month into ownership of my '07 ZX3 SE. No major issues, however there have been fit and finish issues. One of the wheel nut covers from the hubcap flew off and the head restraints wouldn't stay up. The dealer has been excellent with resolving these issues. Overall, the interior feels cheaper than the old '02 Focus with regards to small details like the radio display. Otherwise, car is holding up well and I'm very happy with it. Long term reliability isn't promising. Let's hope Ford surprises me - My expectations are low.
Bought the fully loaded ST with the sunroof, street body kit with oversized spoiler. Loving all of the options. Handles turns real well. Overall, it's a fun car to drive.
This car is very fun to drive. With the 5 speed manual transmission it makes it very fun, and it also can hold its own for speed. I am very happy with the car. The build is more lower scale trim, but, you get what you pay for. And for the money, it's a very good car with all the options.
I bought a used 07 Sel FWD In April 09 with 21,000 miles. I can not find anything I do not like. This vehicle has great interior room,and the footprint is the the same as the 98 Taurus wagon with 150K miles on it that I retired. It is the easiest car I have ever changed oil on. The gas mileage is outstanding. 21/22 normal everyday driving. With 5 adults on the Interstate at 70 mph the computer indicated 28mpg. I did not believe that number and did my own calculation and the result was 27.The third row seat is fine as long as your not going too far. The front and second row seats are great. No mechanical problems , but I have not driven that many miles.Enough power for me. 
I am an avid Ford owner but am extremely disappointed to learn that at 54000 miles I am being told that yes they know there is a problem with the transmission (CVT) and they recognize the risk it poses to citizens but they are not willing to repair at their expense. I really don't want another car but cannot justify repairing this one. 
Since I've owned this car the past 1 1/2 yrs its been in the shop for major repairs transmission overhaul, all brakes replaced, traction,water pump, all 4 tires, seat heaters, seat latches, two lines? replaces for leaks in the car total days in shop over 40
Shame that ford went for funky techno styling in the Flex & Edge. As a more sophisticated individual- the Volvo styling they followed is classic. This car is way more capable than hauling with the seats down, It handles & corners well ; the low wide wheel.frame is great to manuver.Classic ford ride- heated seats, all power options. I saved tons over a used Volvo. And it is an extremely SAFE vehicle. good curb weight- NO roll or sway on bends.turns. awesome in all weather. Can't say enough- have had cadillac prior, SRX is an overpriced joke- except for the Bose stereo. It's a keeper. Ford should have put more advertising into THIS car. Their loss.
As an engineer I tend to research things to the last detail. I was looking for a family car that had a good combination of safety, fuel economy, roominess, luxury, and price value. After looking at everything made, the Freestyle won. We bought used, a 2007 Limited. The car is amazing; Titanium green w/tan leather interior...gorgeous... Lots of room for storage and very comfortable. The fuel economy on the highway is almost 30 miles per gallon...no kidding....the navagation system is wonderful and the back up sensors are very helpful, as is the DVD. After 6 months, no issues. My wife, who hates SUVs, loves the car and wont let me drive it....Its simply amazing.....Well Done Ford. 
I bought in 1/2008 w/12k miles. I have only put 12k miles on it but I love it. Kids take it on long trips with friends and love it. Great hwy mileage. Short commute (and lead foot) keeps mpg quite low. Capital Ford/Raleigh just replaced front/rear brakes for free. I love them, too! When was the last time you said that about your dealer service? I have no complaints about the power. Performs well in NC mountains.
I echo everyones comments here, but I have one piece of advice to up your fuel consumption. As I'm from the UK but live in the USA and we have gas selling at almost $8 a gallon we have to find ways of driving to save or stretch gas as far as we can. So, first off, get a light foot. Second, don't race to the next set of lights if they are red. Third, Don't excelerate from a stop to fast, be gentle with the pedal, back off once you reach the speed you want. Forth, When you have a good hill to go down, knock the thing in to neutral and coast, slot it back into drive when you need to. Fifth, try to drive without using the brakes to much, braking costs energy. Last, use cruise, always, everywhere
We purchased our 2007 freestyle, fully loaded, leather, sun roof, 5 disk cd- mp3 player,key less entry, security alarm,dvd,GPS-love it,and much more,in aug.08.got an outstanding price 15,280 (talked them down about 3,000 and got the warranty extended from 36,00 to 75,000) w/ 26,000 miles on the car. So far so good. pleanty of room for our family of 4. Kids love the seatsand that how they recline and roomy space, the car is comfortable, (lots of leg room too) for short and long trips.
I wrote a review a year ago about how great the car was in the winter and on a trip to Florida.In April 09,I still like the car, but the rear brakes needed replacing at 28,000 mi.Dealer said my car was not in the recall period.My response:"I am not paying for new brakes-period."Ford would not cover them, even though I had the same problem as others.The dealer saw my 8 years of having vehicles serviced and paid for them.The infamous Continental tires were done at 34,000.I replaced with Triple Treads.I am not sure if I will buy another Ford.I really like my Freestyle,but understand why people buy foreign .
I purchased this car used with 5,000 miles in the fall of 2007. It has gone through two Buffalo Winters like a charm. The AWD is awesome in the snow and on wet road conditions. There is plenty of room for a family of six. We load the car often for family get a ways and drives like a champ. This is agreat alternative to minivans. Many adults compliment on the room and comfort of the back seats. The kids have plenty of room to claim their own kingdoms with enough closeness to make alliances and enough distance when diplopmatic relationships are on the brink of all out war! If you are in the market for a great family car, look no further. I would recommend this to any family.
test
Rides comfortably. when first taking off has a loud noise, doesn't take off fast enough.
Bought it used with 23k on it. My wife & I have put a little over 1000 on it and we are very pleased! The mileage is unbelievable for a vehicle this size. Averages about 21.5mpg around town and on a recent trip got 30.8mpg running 55- 75 with mostly 65mph ranging from 5,000ft - 6,5000ft elevation. Rides very nice and everyone likes the layout and comfort. Visibility is good and I like the 6CD player.For the $15,000 we paid I would feel guilty expecting. anything more from it. 
I always wanted a Freestyle and found a real bargain in the local area. I've had the vehicle about 6 weeks. Brakes had been repaired before I bought it. Otherwise, the vehicle has been perfect. Wife's car, and I was a little skeptical as she traded a 2002 Lincoln Continental. It's not a Continental, but she loves the high seating and comfort the vehicle offers.
We love this car. Practical, comfortable for 4, and practical for 6 (we have all buckets). We have kids to take to and from college and a couple of dogs, and this car always has the room we need. The fuel economy has been great. With careful driving, we average 23 MPG driving around the burbs and 26 on the highway. This car's mileage really goes up if you drive with a light foot. Comfortable and practical, this car is just what we wanted.
I got my Freestyle last year as a Christmas gift after my van was totaled. I absolutely love it. It is so comfortable and easy to get in and out of. I have 2 kids so the third row seat is a blessing. We can travel and the boys each have their own space. Every trip we have taken has been great. I have back and hip trouble and I haven't had to stop and stretch or take any breaks it is so comfy to ride in.
Previous review 21/1/07 - "Great car, so-so mileage on AWD". Almost one year later, still love this car at 29000 miles. Hugely comfortable. Noticing the climate control buttons take a little too much attention to operate (small buttons, big fingers). Would prefer some dials for mode selection. Had rear brakes replaced at 24K - common problem. That's the only problem though. Mileage has improved as I've learned how to drive it (i.e. - relax!). Getting 18 city and 24-27 on freeway, depending on speed (27 at 60, 24 at 70). Carry 6 people to lunch on regular basis. Trip from WA to CO was a huge success with lots of room and no driver fatigue. Still feels/smells new to me. 
I have only had my Freestyle a week, but I am already in love. It gets great gas mileage and so user friendly. And it has all the bells and whistles. And seats 6 for hauling the kids and friends. And the CVT transmission is a true asset. This is Ford's best kept secret. I let my dad drive it and he swore he felt it shift. He still doesn't get it. Best thing ever spent my money on. 
My fiancee wanted another Explorer, even though she had numerous mechanical problems with her previous Explorer. She was talked into buying the Freestyle, partly because of the CVT. The car is noisy, sluggish and cramped. The capper? The vaunted CVT failed after 50,000 miles. The price tag? $7,000. Ford disavows the possibility that it was a defect. Have you driven a Ford lately? Good Luck brother!
This is the first long road trip we've taken with our new-(bought used), Ford Freestyle, automatic, 3.0 liter engine. We loaded the car with 6 adults, an 18 cubic foot cartop luggage carrier and filled the somewhat cramped luggage space in the back. This car worked flawless. A smooth, effortless ride up the mountain passes and well controlled ride with plenty of brake reserve on the downhill runs. The ride for all passengers was smooth and comfortable. When we did hit those few rough road conditions the car absorbed all but the deepest ruts and bumps. In heavy traffic we were able to accelerate, brake and move with ease in spite of our heavy load. A breeze to park and maneuver.
I found almost everything I wanted in a car in the Freestyle. The space, seating is perfect for family of 5 and dog. Heated seats are heavenly in the winter. Dual climate control and rear climate control is great. Gas mileage is pretty good for a larger vehicle. And I really needed the AWD, no more worries about getting home in the snow.
This car is good to drive. Easy to get in and out of with a bad back (for me). Easy to put items in and out and the center console in the second seat is an asset to passengers. Good air flow throughout the car. Enjoy the small compartment on the dash 
I traded an 05 Freestyle w/ only 30,000 mi in order to get the CVT which was phased out in the Taurus X! Usually drive machine to 100,000 to 150,000 mi! An hr of expressway driving with the six spd AT after getting used to the small efficient 6 w/ CVT made me take the depreciation hit! My 07 has had no issues mechanically and the fit & finish is excellent! I enjoy getting away from the stoplites faster than most and no hunting for gears as the RPM's stay up and then come down to cruise. Very comfortable vehicle for 6 adults! 
I bought this car new and it now has 30,000 miles. It has been 100% trouble free and everything works like new. Other than oil changes and tire rotations, the car has not needed any repairs of adjustments. It gets great mileage, even better than on the EPA sticker. I get 21 to 22 MPG in town and 28 to 29 on trips. The car is extremely plesant to drive and is very comfortable, even for tall drivers. The fit and finish are superb, rivaling the Mercedes and Infinity cars I have owned before. The leather seats have very good lumbar support and adjust to very comfortable positions. It will haul large loads with the seats folded down and will pull my 16' boat with ease at 75 mph. A great car
Bought the Ford About a year ago, traded a gas lovin 00 Durango for it. Pretty skeptical at first never bought a Ford before, but I tell you it's the best for room, looks, and CVT tranny for nice smooth acceleration. Third row seat is easy accessible for my kids. The AWD drive and traction control is very nice in snow and ice. All in All it's perfect for family of six, just can't take anyone else with us.
I've owned my Freestyle for just about a year. It has met my needs nicely- providing easy access and egress for my elderly mother with severe arthritis on our many errands to doctors and social functions. Cargo space very satisfactory for road trips and for the possible need to evacuate in advance of hurricanes. I've got the same or greater cargo capacity as I had in my Chevy Trailblazer but with more comfort for my aging mother and much better gas mileage. I also have better visibility in all directions with this vehicle. One thing I am not pleased with is the seemingly light weight construction of the ext. door panels. Very minor bumps in parking lots create very visible dimples.
I was a little concerned buying domestic over import - had been a Previa driver for years, but what an awesome replacement. This baby has power, comfort and hugs the road in all conditions, including our Canadian winters which are a mixed bag. Biggest test came during 'superstorm' last June. I hadn't realized how bad the road conditions were that night, but the Freestyle slogged through everything that storm threw at us and then some. (My Previa would never have made it - and we passed several others pulled off too.) Only thing that could be improved is my city gas mileage, but I love the power on the highway and when set to cruise, the highway mileage is great for that size engine!
Just turned 49,900 miles on my 2007 Freestyle Limited AWD. This is the best 7 passenger vehicle AWD out there. It has been through mud, sand and snow and is unstoppable. Consistently gets 20-22 mpg in combined driving in New Jersey. Back and forth Florida to New Jersey a couple of times, and the vehicle is very easy to handle. Much better in crosswinds than any SUV and just as comfortable inside. The AWD drive system from Volvo in this thing is the best, and at a much lower price than a Volvo.
Bought a Freestyle limited June 2007 and almost a year later had to trade it in. From day one we had a constant gas smell. Took it in and half a tank of gas later could find no problem. Kept driving it and smell got worse. Mpg highway was around 18, City was 15 at best. Winter was terrible because it would get stuck in 1/2 inch of snow. We had the pebble leather and it reflected in the front window very badly.
We have put almost 15,000 miles on our Freestyle in less than a year. We just returned from a trip to Florida with 7 passengers (6 adult sized people plus a toddler) and luggage. Maybe it is because I don't test drive sports cars, but the pro reviewers missed the boat on the CVT and power. 25-27 mpg fully loaded and passing other cars going up the mountains. Too bad Ford dropped this powertrain for more horsepower and poorer mileage. The only problems I have heard about are the premature tire wear and rear brakes. Our tires are ok so far, and we'll see on the brakes. I think the writers did a disservice to this car. The Freestyle is not flashy, but does what it is meant to do.
My car drove very good in the mountains while on vacation. It is very good in the snow. It is a comfortable ride.
I have 19050 miles and been enjoying my FS. The cvt is a pleasure. The ride feels tight and secure, alot better than my 2001 Explorer or Windstar. I would recommend this CUV.
 We went from an Excursion to a Freestyle. We were aprehensive at first but it is roomy and I dont knock my head getting the seats. We have put 7 good sized people in the unit and every on was comfortable we probablt topped the 1125 cargo limit but it showed no adverse signs of handling. On vacation we took the Rocky Mountain passes with again a load close to 1k Berthond , Rabbit ears and on the way bak from Oregon and Califonia The Syskius, Donner and Vale pass aagain very comfortably . For the passengers there is pleny of knee room fro those in the rear seat has more knee room than Volvo or Passatt and more seating area as well 
Best kept secret by those dummies at Ford. Why promote one of the best vehicles out there? I'm glad they don't, because I would have had to pay a lot more (supply/demand) for mine. Paid $19,200, 12k miles from a dealer. No question the best vehicle I have ever purchased. Put almost 14k miles on it. Had rear brake warranty work done, but other than that, it is flat out the best crossover vehicle out there. 28 mpg on highway. My wife gets 19 mpg in city driving and she likes to go fast. More than acceptable acceleration. If I wanted to go faster, I would have bought a Mustang. Plenty of room inside. Very comfortable to drive. There are deals out there on these. You will not be sorry.
Bought it used with 13400 miles on it. Have run two fuel tanks through it now in two weeks. Great handling for a big car. Much better than the '06 Taurus it replaced. Comfort, handling and space utilization is outstanding. 2nd and 3rd row seats don't have any legroom issues. Taller people (5'11"+) can't use the 3rd row headrests as they hit the headliner first if they lean back. No issues with upright seating position. Worst issue is that with an 80/20 city/highway mix I'm getting about 16.5 mpg. Worse than I'd expected. Don't think AWD is worth the mileage hit. Engine does get a bit noisy above 2500 rpm. A friend bought an '07 explorer same weekend. He likes mine better.
I've had my car since April 07, have gone across country and back, driven in the pouring rain (I don't worry as much about hydroplanin, and love my car. It's big enough for my 6'4"-15 yr old son, my daughter and our 4 dogs. So many bells and whistles for a price you can't beat. Ford just doesn't know a good thing when they have it. 
I really searched and researched before I bought this car. I wanted a car that would do everything and I got it! It carries people and cargo like a champ. (Even my mountain bike without having to take off the front wheel!) It handles great and I love the CVT - really great on hills, stop and go traffic whatever you hand it. Plenty of Power. I love the cargo well in the back and the way I can flip and realign everything in a flash, on the go, no matter whatever, or whomever, comes up. The versatility is the best I have seen. This car replaces a full sized van and a Taurus and does it with style. We still have the Explorer, but more and more, we keep taking the Freebie. I love this car!
I bought the dealership owner's demo model and from the first time I rode in one, I knew I had to have one. Dealership uses the Freestyle for their courtesy cars and I thought I might try to buy one of those but this became available and knowing it had the best of care, I said, "Yes!" Smooth transmission; so very comfortable; and beautiful inside and out. I've only had it a week but wouldn't part with it. 
I have had the Freestyle only a couple of weeks but I can already see that I made the right choice. It drives good in torrential downpours, it handles well on very curvy roads, it hauls 6 family members ages 5-81 nicely and goes onward through the fog without any trouble. The fuel economy hasn't dropped below 20 mpg in city/highway driving which is a plus considering it hasn't hit 1000 miles yet. This crossover should have stayed on the market longer. I really think Ford made a bad decision by dropping it after just 3 years. 
Love the AWD. The varable transmission took some getting used to. Really like how it handles
I did quite a bit of research before buying my new car. In fact, I used Edmunds and the consumer reports as my guide. I liked the Freestyle right away. It had everything I was looking for and then some.
Some say Freestyle is Fords best kept secret, and it is! Volvo Chassis and structure, Volvo AWD mechanism. 5stars crash protection all categories. Highlight is the CVT Transmission, silky smooth adequate acceleration with no shifting points. CVT provide great real world fuel economy better than EPA, the best fuel efficient V6 crossover in its class. Interior is so quiet like a luxury car, so is the engine. Theater seats in 3 rows, the rear passengers got great views of the road ahead. All seats are 1st class spacious, comfortable. Dash and interior fit and finish look good, the grains and soft surfaces felt fine. Exterior style slowly grew on me, "Go anywhere" look! Smooth over bumps, etc.
We have five children under the age of 9. This car is fantastic. It has more usable space than our Expedition, it drives like a luxury sedan and gets better mileage than a minivan. Why Ford does not promote this car more is beyond me.
Really like the AWD. The CVT transmission took some getting used to but satisfied with its performance. The mpg is actually better than estimates
The Freestyle was a practical choice because rebate plus 0.9% financing saved us thousands over the Odyssey or the Sienna and we got AWD to boot. Wasn't expecting a great car but that's what I got! Handles like a dream, smooth ride, hugs the road on curves, fun to drive. Lots of interior room: third row comfortable even with long legs. Getting 18-19 MPG in town and 24- 25 MPG on the road. Deep well in back gives lots of room for day to day cargo and adequate space for a week's worth of luggage for 6 of us. Has the best temp. control I have ever had in a car, both heat and AC. Set the temp you want and that's where it stays. Plenty of power for my needs, even up the mountains of central PA.
I just got back from a LONG trip through many states, including going through the Appalacian mountains. The trip with my family totaled over 2,200 miles. The Freestyle was a great vehicle, offering plenty of room for a family of four with lots of luggage. My experience was that it had PLENTY of passing power. The CVT would ramp up to 5.8K RPM and the car would FLY by anything on the road. Of course, it sounded like the world was coming to an end. Overall, there was not much to complain about. The computer said I averaged ~23 MPG over each tank, which is not bad for a car full of people and luggage.
I have found this car to be a joy. The gas mileage is about 5-6 miles more per gallon than my last 2 Explorers. The car rides very well and is much quieter. I expect it to do well in the New Hampshire winters with the AWD too.
Just bought the Freestyle after looking at minivans. No real competitors to this vehicle. Decided to go with the Freestyle after other minivans felt too bulky while driving and the comfort was not as good. Took a 500 mile trip over the weekend, love the ride, very smooth and very comfortable. Also have an Expedition, Freestyle is more comfortrable. Replaced a Honda CRV because it was too noisy, a stiff ride, and fuel useage was no better than 25mpg. Freestyle got 25+ on trip, very good for a heavier vehicle with V6. When compared to CRV it's outstanding.
Our Freestyle is a great family car as it adapts very quickly and easily. My nine year old son has no problem flipping the back seats when extra cargo room is needed but it is also great to have seating for six when needed. Car handles very well and is easy to drive. I wanted to get my wife a nSUV but not a large one. The Freestyle is a perfect choice for us.
I bought this car a week ago, and I already love it! It isn't too big, and it still has a third row seat, and a lot of room! I like the styling because it's not too soccermomish!
On a 700+ mile trip across WA to Idaho and back we observed 27.4 and 28.3 average mpg with 60 set on the cruise control. This includes mountain driving/passes. Best observed cumulative average was 31.2 mpg on level ground west of Spokane to central WA. Exceeds expectations since EPA highway is just 24 mpg for AWD. Freestyle allows chains that are required to be carried here in NW going over mountasin passes in winter with AWD/4WD even if you don't have to put them on. One reason we bought the car was because of needing to drive over the mountains in the winter. The GM Acadia owner's manual says no to chains, probably the same for the Outlook and Enclave.
A Little noisy when driving , the AC is giving me a lot of problems, the interior is kinda noisy as well
Our Freestyle is the 19th Ford we've owned. (Started with a '60 Falcon wagon). Still own 7 Fords, including our '66 Mustang convertible. Took the Freestyle on a 4,100 mile road trip five days after purchase! Went through two major snow storms in Colorado. When a F350, 4WD was stuck, we drove around it! Went up on over the Rockies without hesitation. CVT is the best thing ever seen on a mountain pass! The added AWD can't be beat. Interior is comfortable beyond compare. A 7 hour day behind the wheel is hardly noticeable. Everyone who rides in it (including the 3rd row) comments on roominess and visibility being outstanding. Too bad Ford is dropping it.
When I first saw the car I did not like it. Once I drove it and looked at all the safety features and options for my family I fell in love!
The Freestyle has been the most pleasing vehicle I have ever owned. I can not find anything to complain about. I have been congratulated by other Freestyle owners for purchasing a vehicle they also love to drive. I feel like I belong to an exclusive club.
We bought this for my wife to drive around town. She loves the way it drives and is very easy for her to park. I appreciate the amount of room in the passenger seat for when I go with her. We have an Expedition that we use for long road trips, so it's great for her and her local use. 
Was looking for a SUV crossover type vehicle for my dogs and to move furniture, etc. with ease. My final two choices came down to the Ford Freestyle and the Mazda CX-9. Both vehicles stacked up pretty comparably but Ford tagged at about $10K less than Mazda with the same features at the dealer. LOVE the responsiveness of the Ford in handling and braking. Drives better than many sedan models. Wish it had a little more kick taking off, but glad to sacrifice that for the MPG. The features are great, but the driveability is OUTSTANDING. Keep it up, Ford ---:) 
My wife and I planned to buy a SUV since our small Corolla did not work. We went to the nearby Ford dealer. Tested Escape first, then Explorer, at last Freestyle. Escape is kind of noisy, Explorer is perfect at that aspect, however, it is kind of big for my wife. Freestyle is just perfect. It is also quiet, although it is not as good as Explorer. It is easy to drive this Crossover.
Very happy with this car. I have two kids, a Great Dane, and we often take other kids with us so the Freestyle is just perfect. I find the engine & transmission to be just great, and we take this thing up to the mountains to ski, so I think the critics are wrong, the powertrain is a strength, not a weakness. 
Had a Windstar van, wife wanted something more manageable, yet with room enough for the grandkids. This was the ideal choice. Love the heated seats , backup sensors and heated rearview mirrors. Interior roomy, and fun to drive. Overall a great auto. It has ample pick up despite the bad ratings it got. I like the cvt trans.Only have 2000 miles on it, getting about 18.5 MPG city. Don't know highway miles yet. Good stable ride and I feel safe with the full array of side airbags.
I bought the Freestyle after owning several Mercedes, Infiniti and other expensive cars that always were broken and expensive to fix. This Freestyle is wonderful. It is a very user friendly and comfortable design. Everything works and it is comfortable on long trips. I love the silky smooth CV transmission. The car is a nice size. It gets exceptional gas mileage (28 on trips and 21.5 in town) on regular gas. I am very impressed with the quality of this vehicle and like its excellent safety ratings. Ford is building a great car and the 5 year 60,000 warranty is also nice to have. An excellent vehicle and a pleasant surprise.
Great ride. Wanted an SUV, but not the mileage. Freestyle gives the space of an SUV, but has sedan-like mileage. While aesthetics are not the greatest, this is a practical vehicle for people who need the space. Would recommend to anyone considering an SUV.
This is a great car. I got the base model with 4wd and this car is loaded with very nice features. Ford put a lot of thought into how the driver uses the car and the interior works great. Bose stereo is great! The interior is better designed than most Japanese cars. This car is deceptive in how much room there is inside. It has more room than my minivan. It rides great and handles well. Great brakes. Engine is low on horsepower. Got a great deal. Comes with 3 year bumper to bumper and 5 year engine warranty which is great.
I have found the Freestyle to be practical, roomy and fun to drive. It handles like a sport vehicle and gives a nice ride at the same time. It is very flexible in that I can quickly convert from a roomy carry all to a practical 7 passenger vehicle.
Traded in my 03 Yukon XL (lemon) and looked for a more fuel efficient wagon with 3 rows. Volvo too expensive. Pacifica close, but price/features no match. Pilot, great vehicle, but mileage like other SUV's. Since it's a Ford, there is no reason why you can't get invoice pricing. Don't believe ads, it's a lie, you'll get about 20 to 25 mpg and there is no way you'll get 500 miles to the tank, unless you're coasting downhill for that many miles. Overall, if you are looking for non SUV, non-minivan, decent room with 3 row seating, fuel economy, feature, content and price, this probably is about the only option. Too bad Toyota, Honda, Nissan had no viable option. May want to check out Mazda CX9.
Freestyle even better than expected. Mileage really kicking in after about 4000 miles. 19-20 around Town and 26- 27 on highway trips. Love the Nav system. Very comfortable even for over 6 foot person. Cargo room has been great. 
Not the greatest mileage yet. Hopefully better to come. Ok pickup and pretty smooth ride.
After a summer of driving the kids around I have to say that the Freestyle is the great family hauler. Have a 2001 Windstar and decided to see if the Freestyle would as good a hauler as a minivan but with a better ride and comfort. Well, the answer is "YES". There is not as much interior space as a minivan but I am over it. The Freesytle is great!
Purchased this vehicle after having a Mercury Monterey minivan. Wife thought she would like something a little smaller so we drove the Freestyle Limited and we both agreed that this was the car for us. We like everything about this vehicle with one exception...we had heated/cooled seats on the minivan and have only heated seats on the Freestyle. Dealer advised me that cooled seats are not an available option. Living in Arizona cooled seats do make a difference.
I previously owned a minivan and was not expecting much when I bought into the crossover market. However, this car is incredibly fun to drive, and comfortable for everyone. After everything I read about the CVT transmission and the horsepower, I was initially worried it would not have sufficient power; well the critics are wrong, this car has more than ample power. The CVT transmission allows a continuous acceleration until your cruising speed is met. I would recommend this car to anyone needing storage or with a family.
I love this car! It has a sleek look to it(Sporty yet elegant). Great sound system. Havn't had any maintenance issues after 50,000 miles. Really good handling(I had to swerve sharply on the highway once and the car was very responsive and easy to control). Very comfortable and plenty of space(even in the back seats). Great car for long comutes.
Is fact now that a control arm defect is confirm, but at 25,000 mile is maintenace service were from dealer. So do you want to replace the problem for $419 with the same defect product. Also, if tried align with defect product will cause gas will burn faster and wear you tire faster. Also engine correction on V belt replace. To must problem. Plus a copy of MADZA 6 suspension, i should have just but Madza. Rate now of $10,000 and less and year and model, if paid more you got robbery. 
Overall I am very pleased with the purchase nearly 3 years later. I still get compliments on the cars styling. For a purchase price less than $25,000 the car was a solid value. 
I purchased my 2007 Ford Fusion SEL used in October of 08' with around 24k on her. I had read many reviews on the car before my initial purchase and was willing to take the leap. I also hated my 2003 Liberty, and refused to purchase a GM or Chrysler product again. I had never owned a Ford product before, and was a bit nervous. However, I have been greatly impressed with the vehicle thus far. I love the leather seating, although it does not seem to have the quality of other vehicles. A little premature cracking, etc. I have experienced some odd cabin noises, various creaking and such, mainly from the passenger seat and console. Get up and go is fair, gas mileage could be better. 
I owned my Fusion for two years. Purchased new in 2007. The car has had its issues (most of the headaches were caused by the dealership), but overall, I am happy with it. The handling, the leg room, quiet interior are a few highlights. The one feature that stands out is the AWD. It works, and it works well. A few bad winters with the standard package of snow, ice, freezing rain, slush, and the occasional ham-head soccer mom with her 23 passenger SUV sliding backwards in my lane did not hinder the car's ability to make it to point B, and back to point A. The location of the auxiliary input is also a plus. Located in the center console with an extra 12 volt DC outlet was an excellent idea.
I bought my Fusion used and immediately loved it. I hadn't planned on buying a Ford and was really looking at the Camry and Accord but I fell it love with the Fusion after the first test drive. It looks great. It rides and handles great. Its not a sports car but I have no problem passing on the freeway. I have been getting 27 MPG with mixed driving. The few small complaints I have about it have all been fixed in the newer models. My car was totaled by a drunk driver while it was parked in front of my house and the only car Im considering to replace it is another Fusion. Just a great car that is well made and thousands less than any of its competitors.
Fusion - a merging of diverse elements into a unified whole. Fits the description of the Ford Fusion I bought - 2007, one owner w/ 18,200 miles. I studied and researched several cars before deciding on the V6 SEL Fusion and I have not been disappointed in the least. Class and style - a head turner. Very comfortable and responsive. Hope the long term reliability holds true.
I bought this car in Nov 08, with 7800 miles. Living in Western Pa. and traveling 100 miles a day to work and back. I was looking for something that had great handling in the snow. The AWD V6 is very responsive and great traction on snow and wet roads. The Fusion's has allot of room and a comfortable ride. No problems. I put 20,000 miles on so far, have been averaging 22 combined and 26 HWY. The design is awesome, Ford has a real winner in the Fusion. I would recommend this car to anyone. 
Just purchased a used v6 / 07 fusion, with 48,000 k's >very pleased with the value this car has. Mazda 6 based platform is great, and the build quality is rock solid. Comfy seats, and nice styling compliment a very "complete" design. This car will put ford back on the radar screen for sure.
The way it is build feel like a Toyota Corolla handle. Problem with value stem in the first years. Fuel burns like a toyota corolla one tank get you to dallas, as for the fusion half tank. Steering is bad sway can lose control if high winds of texas. I believe that the computer is outside the firewall and in texas were is flood i would not buy this car if i know. Plus I would not buy this car for 16,000 nor 13,000 for a value of the depression is quick. The only way to keep track is if is sold at 11,000 to 12,0000 and that is the max price. At 24k plus miles i am think of trading it off already. 
I bought my Fusion after test driving the 4 and 6 and the awd. I settled on the awd v6. It felt that it drove through bumps and didn't hop like I felt the fwd does. The v6 is almost too much for stop and go, and the brakes are super sticky. I'm not too fond of the tall back end. I'm 6'2" and have a hard time backing up. Also the drinks are right under your shifter or your arm. And the window is so tall I can't put my arm on it. 
Get the appearance package. The faux leather seats fool everyone and are quite comfortable.17"rims,lower profile tires are well worth the extra price. Rear spoiler is subtle, not a big wing. Spoiler has led lites. 6cd mp3 radio is very good. No need to upgrade unless you're an audiophile nut! Handling. This is where the suprise is. It is by far the best riding and handling $20K car out there, period. Even more expensive cars can't compare to the ride. My wife says it's just as comfortable as any BMW. Getting 29 mpg mixed driving when driving like grandma. 35mpg all highway with cruise set at 65. 25mpg when driving like a typical NJ/NYC person.
I have owned my Fusion for two months. Overall, an excellent car. My driving is 100% city and I am averaging 20 MPG. There really isn't anything on the car I don't like, other than I haven't found a good dealer to get my car serviced at. Have had a quirky thing happen - the information center says the driver's side door is open when it really is not. Will have it looked at when I go in for my first oil change.
I love my new Ford Fusion. I get compliments on it all the time. It rides way smoother than my Mother's Chevy Impala and it is quieter too. I love the 6 disk in-dash CD player. The gas mileage could be improved a lot. I am only getting 25mpg on the highway right now. The biggest problem I have with it is my windshield. I have had my car a month and a half and I am going on my 3rd windshield. The first one splintered the 2nd week I had my car. The second one, within two days of getting it fixed it had splinters twice from small rocks hitting it. I am a highway driver so I expect rocks to do damage. But I have never had a windshield break this easily this often. It's expensive and ridiculous.
I always liked the looks but after a test drive I was sold on this Fusion. I swore away from buying Fords or any other North American cars for the last 20 years because of reliability problems compared to Japanese makes. But the Fusion is really reliable according to Consumer Report surveys. So you get a really good car with a V6 and 6 speed transmission for the price of a Japanese 4. It's a great car to drive and I love the way that 6 speed transmission responds and keeps the revs down even when you're blasting down the highway. Sure mileage could be better but that was my choice over a 4. My only disappointment was finding out until it was too late that I couldn't tow a trailer.
The Ford Fusion has it all, well almost. The car has sleek lines and handles like it. The 6 speed automatic is flawless and never searches for gears. The car is very quiet on the open road, very little wind noise at all. Compare this car to the others in the mid-size segment and it is a winner! You cannot go wrong with this car. I love it as much now as the day I bought it. I chose options such as ABS, heated seats, traction assist, and leather interior. With X-plan pricing and a rebate to boot, I couldn't go wrong. Neither can you!
I have been unfortunate to have my 2006 Ford Fusion hit at 40 miles per hour while the car was stopped. The car that hit the Fusion was totaled but my car drove off with minimal damage. It took the hit well as much as the car is a joy to own it is safe as well.
While I only have 2,000 miles, the build quality is excellent, design and styling exception for US designed car and general thought behind car is above the rest, including Toyota and Honda. Have every option but navigation, however, there are a couple of design changes needed. The area visible once trunk is opened becomes a catch all for dust, dirt, etc. here in the desert. A better/redesigned seal on trunk is warranted. Plastic louvers are below windshield wipers needs to be improved, as it is a catch all as well. Headlight illumination could be improved and gas mileage is very poor in city stop and go driving (less than 20mpg); however, highway is approaching 30mpg. 
I did not realize how well these cars handled until I drove one. There is a ton of power, when you hit the gas it goes fast. And it still gets about 28 MPG on the freeway. Also, I'm a big guy. So, I needed a car that I could fit into easily. The interior of this car is huge and it also has a massive trunk. Great for sports equipment or large subwoofers like I put in mine. I would say this car is a fantastic balance between luxury and price.
Fun to drive, solid performance. Great looking inside and out. Ride is quiet and nimble on the freeway. Quick enough to get around the city, great for long drives. Interior is very comfortable and plenty of room for 5. 
I've owned 10 new Pontiacs, 2 new Toyota's and this is my sixth new Ford and this one is the best of all. It does everything well, good performance, reasonable gas mileage for its size, and its comfortable. I like the style and enjoy driving it. The extra powerpoint needs to be outside the center console, it's hard to reach even if the console were empty which is never the case. I would like to see a super sport edition with a V-8, some gas shocks and a supercharger. This would rival the Impala SS and still be sensible enough for adults. Fusion is fun with lots of potential. If it proves to be reliable over the long term, Ford has a winner.
Our 2007 SEL AWD V6 Fusion is an exceptional automobile with many features you might expect in a car costing thousands of dollars more. Its distinctive, bold styling was one of the deciding factors as were the reliability statistics. This car's superb handling attributes are one of its significant pluses. My wife and I highly recommend this car to anyone who is in the market for a quality, mid-size family sedan that is fun to drive. 
Just got my '07 SEL V6 leather Fusion and like it a lot. Sharpest car on the road and the Redfire paint and spoiler are awesome. Extremely smooth transmission and the V6 is as powerful as I'd ever want/need. Love the lines on this car but not quite sure about the rear tail lights yet, but they're growing on me.No interior rattles and am amazed at how well this car corners with no roll. Only issues I have so far are with the fit and finish in some areas. You get a lot of car for the money so maybe I shouldn't be complaining about the fit and finish?
I'm a young working professional and after the first 1K miles, I'm very pleased with the Fusion. I've been a Jetta driver the last 6 years and this car has been a nice transition from import to domestic. I put a lot of miles on my cars and make frequent roadtrips, so I wanted a reliable sports sedan that wasn't a beast on gas. I opted for the SE model with the appearence package including leather-trimmed seats with red stitching, sunroof, fog lights, spoiler and upgraded tires and wheels. The ride is smooth, the styling is sleek and the overall quality has been quite impressive. The seats are extremely comfortable and make driving very enjoyable. Can't wait to hit the highway again!
The design of this car is amazing. Reminds me of an Audi A6. I love the black leather with white stitching. Many standard features and great sight lines. I have had my car now for 6 months and it is the best car I have owned yet. Powerful, stylish, comfortable and safe with all the air bags surrounding you. Large trunk, spacious back seat. Controls are easy to use and handles great.
My Fusion has 3,000 miles on it. Fit and finish are excellent. The heater fan, in defrost mode, makes more noise than I expected. Otherwise, interior is excellent and quiet. Automatic transmission shifts nicely. 4cyl engine accelerates noticeably faster than my 6cyl Ranger at low and high speeds. Fuel economy averages 29+mpg with 35% stop-and-go city and 65% unimpeded highway (63-67mph)on cruise control. At each fill-up, I have figured the mileage manually to check the computer. The computer is accurate. On the highway, I have seen 33.6mpg on the computer at 63mph. Excellent value at an affordable price.
I absolutely love my Ford Fusion. It is the best car I have ever owned. I went from a convertible which was very noisy to the quietest car I have ever had. The thing that attracted me first was its exterior looks. I test drove several other models including Saturn, Dodge and Toyota but the Ford Fusion was the best. I bought the dark blue pearl and it looks great with the chrome grill. It accelerates well too. I have to drive up a lot of hills where I live. It also has a great sound system. I also bought it for the traction control and AWD because of bad winters. I plan on owning this car for many years to come.
I have been "Fusionated" to the future. Exterior quad-head lights and chrome grill is classy. Interior dash is smooth and space age. It makes other cars look old and outdated as you drive by. Great stereo! What a great feeling to drive a futuristic car. 
Just bought my Fusion SEI45M - picked this over a Focus, Mazda3 and Civic DX-G. No comparison. Much more room, better ride, quieter, more comfortable and just as fun or more fun to drive as either. Gas mileage is unbelievable - first trip saw 41 mpg imperial gallons! 
Test drove a SEL Fusion after driving a 2007 Altima. Not only was the Fusion $3,000 less, but it has all wheel drive. The Fusion has a great ride and handles great, probably due in no small part to the premium tires. During a recent snow storm, the car performed great on frozen slush and ice. The audiophile/Sirius sound system is also terrific (much much better than the Bose system in my Murano). The fit and finish of the car are every bit as good as the Altima. The only flaw I've found is a little flashing on the door panel. Controls are logically placed and the ergonomics were well thought out. The heated leather seats are very supportive and comfortable. Another plus is the large trunk.
Although I've had this car for only a short time, first impressions are very good. Like the zip, size, 6-speed transmission. Surprised mileage isn't better having a 6-speed transmission. Taking a cross-country trip in May and will be able to assess highway mileage better. Overall, a solid, peppy, good looking 4-door. All the electronic features are hard to figure out.
Had the vehicle for almost a year and it is a head turner. Really do not see too many on the road and I am not sure why. I put on 20 inch chrome wheels and tires and they really improved the look and steering. 
Our 2007 V6, 6-speed automatic transmission AWD SEL Fusion is a fantastic car EXCEPT for the horrific in-city gas mileage, a pitiful 13 mpg after 1,800 miles. Our terrain is flat as a fritter. The climate is mild (56 degrees on Feb. 27) and we are both conservative, gentle drivers. The car did, however achieve 26.5 mpg (going) and 24.2 mpg (returning) on a recent 360-mile trip. It's the in-city, stop-and-go travel, 95 percent of our driving, that is the killer. I find it incomprehensible that a 3,300-pound, mid-size car would have such terrible in-city mileage in the year 2007. We enjoy everything else about the car. Ford has a winner here. But the mileage situation needs to be addressed
After 2200 miles I can say: great fun to drive. Excellent on highway with minimal road noise and no cross wind disturbance. Transmission shifts smoothly and silently. Braking is straight and secure. Super climate control system with heated leather seats makes cold weather no problem. Seems very well built with excellent fit and finish. Tall riders love back seat leg room. Large trunk and fold down seats allow surprising storage. Agree with previous comments about less than perfect rear visibility at the corners and turning radius a bit wide with 17inch wheels but still parks easily. 
This is a great car! The only drawback I can complain about is the gas mileage has been consistently hovering at 21mpg with about 50/50 city/highway driving. Other than that you can't buy a better car for anywhere near the price. I have all the luxury options except AWD and have had no problems with anything on the car. It handles well, has ample power and rides smooth. The sound quality from the audiophile radio is fantastic. Buy one, you'll be happy!
This is a fun car. I have read some reviews where people say I wish it had auto on off lights etc. It comes with auto on off lights in this trim. Feels sturdy and secure, handles very well in snow and ice. Interior is fine but needs to be adjusted e.g. Nav system should be up higher so driver doesn't have to look down to see it etc. You need rear spoiler or else third brake light blocks your rear view.
I recently traded in my Subaru and was intrigued by Ford's new AWD Fusion. It looked like a good package overall, so I gave it a chance. I'm impressed. The powertrain is quite refined, maybe not on the level of a Camry, but very good. I'd love to see Ford's larger 3.5 in this car. The transmission has been very responsive, and, oddly, I feel has gotten better over time (upshifting, "knowing" my driving style). Fit and finish is better than I've seen in almost any car in its class. I've been averaging about 21-22 in suburbs and some highway, but I'm a fairly aggressive driver, so I'm pleased. So far, I would definitely recommend this car.
Looked at the Toyota, Honda and Cadillac. Much more "Bang for the Buck" with this car. Great ride, great look, great mileage. Only time will tell, but so far so good.
i will feel guilty if i don't share my great experiences with you. Great price, great car and great dealer! Ford should tell the truth, instead of 23/31 MPG, i get 27/35 MPG for the first month and first 1000 miles. Yes, as the reviewers here said, I-4 is a little bit noisy when the engine speed is higher than 2000 rpm at local driving. However, when you drive it on highway, man, it is so quiet. I am a Ford lover. Compared to other Ford cars, you can see Ford pays a lot of attention on it and try to regain the No.1 position of family car! Taurus lost its No.1 in 1996. Fusion is very competitive from all aspects; compared to my Focus, it is worth to pay the extra money. 
Got a Fusion for the features and found it very comfortable to drive and many cool features keep popping up. Audio input in the middle console, front passenger seat lays flat, etc. It just looks good sitting still as well.
This is the first car I have owned in past 15 years. Always drove a pickup. Wanted something that would do well in the snow and be fun to drive. So far have not been disappointed. This car with AWD does great in the snow and is a blast to drive. Love the size of the trunk.
It seems that you are driving an European car made to excel in windy roads. It gives you uncompromised power and still great fuel economy. 
I was kinda nervous because Ford never had the best reputation, however this car is very awesome! I got the I-4 SE with the appearance package which has the best rims you can get (aluminum with painted inside pockets) and the black vinyl with red stitching and red fabric inlay. The quality seems very good, the ride is awesome and smooth, virtually no road noise. I am very impressed! There is a lot that is standard with this car, which is nice for a change.
Loving it. Mine is Silver Birch with a rear spoiler, power moonroof and nice tint. I have had mine for a week now. I test drove this 4 times to make sure I was not hallucinating. The power of the dohc v6 is excellent. I would have bought the 4 cylinder if the deal would not have worked out on the v6. The styling is strong, distinguished, classy, understated, smart and masculine with "man-grille" up front anchoring this good handling ride resting on sweet styled 17" alloys. Handling is great for this segment. Fit and finish makes this easily the best Ford sedan ever. It is the "poor mans" CTS and does have Caddy drivers looking.
This was the first 'New' car I have purchased, and I am very happy with my decision. I test drove many different cars (Accord, Camry, Charger, Caliber, etc.), and settled on the Fusion. Put on 2500 miles in less than a month. Very comfortable for long drives and averaged 28 mpg! Comfortably seats 4 (took a trip with three friends, shortest being 6'1", and everyone had plenty of room).
I am getting 27mpg in mixed driving. I love the smooth ride and the way it corners. You really have to look at the appearance package - it comes with leather-like seats with black and red cloth inserts, 17" wheels, smoke chrome grill, upgraded radio (I love the iPod jack that plays your iPod).The manual transmission has a nice feel. The fog lamps work very well.This package is only about $300 more. I also got the rear spoiler. Not one problem with car. Only thing I would suggest is after about a hundred miles I would open her up a little bit to seat the rings, I babied the car and found I was a quart and a half low on oil, so I set the rings. After adding oil, the more I drive the car the more I like it.
This AWD model has the great handling I love in our Subaru. The engine is responsive enough for everyday driving. Some people complain it's underpowered but for the price and package it's a great value. If you want Mustang or Corvette speeds, go get one of them. This car handles a turn like a wide receiver - sure-footed and quick. Some people complain about road noise but I haven't found it objectionable. My son said the engine, when revved hard, sounds "like Lightning McQueen" (from the movie Cars). That's fine with me. The other feature I enjoy is spacious front and rear seating. I'm 6'4" and there's still room for a real person to sit behind me with no discomfort.
I drove a Taurus many years. This car has great trunk space and is all usable, as oppose to having a trunk with a lot of bumps that cause you to not be able to really get suitcases to lay flat. The power of the V6 is amazing.
This is a pleasant family sedan. Even with the 4-cylinder, it cruises smoothly and quietly at highway speeds. I'm getting over 28 mpg (manual trans). Clutch engagement is easy and smooth. After driving more powerful cars, the biggest adjustment is I need to downshift to safely pass on two-lane roads. At 80-mph the engine is turning about 3500 RPM and sounds a little busy. 
Smooth, zippy, tight, quiet, with great appeal, inside and out. I bought this car for my daughter and she loves it. We looked at/test drove Cobalts and Focuses first and then found that the Fusion is way worth the extra $1,500 we paid. Only driven it 300 miles so far, but it truly is a quality car at a great price. The 5M is gutsy, quick, and feels like a 6-cylinder, not a 4 banger. Visibility is excellent in all directions. Very little road noise. Love the cruise design on the steering wheel.
I waited to review this vehicle, because I really wanted to try it for a month before giving my final impression. One thing that I've like about what Ford has done with their cars has been the conservative design of the interiors. Nothing flashy, everything is in a place that makes sense, and the quality feels fine. Some people have complained about engine noise on the 4 cylinder, but I don't think it's that obnoxious. It's a fun to drive car for a mid-size. I'm impressed with the fuel economy, it gets about as good of mileage as the Focus I used to own. It makes my 30 mile commute to work painless, I enjoy driving with this car.
I really do like this car, but the only problem is that there isn't enough power. I would've gone for the V6, but they didn't have it in a manual. In any case, the reliability and build quality of the car is great (my family has owned 4 Fords in the past and this is definitely the best). The interior isn't any worse than the Accord or Camry, but all three are pretty ugly. The interior design is simple (which is a good thing) and the leather wrapped stick feels great to drive. 
I was originally thinking about an Impala or used Camry. I am very glad I chose the Fusion. I have averaged 32- 34 MPG on two lane highway, 29-30 MPG on interstate and overall about 27 MPG. We have one young child under a year old and have plenty of room for everything during our long trips home (~400 miles). The only drawback is turning radius which I was aware of before buying the car, but it does not turn on a dime, more like a nickel. I have 13,000 miles on it already and have enjoyed them all. I drove several late model Dakota's previously and this car is just as fun and enjoyable to drive. I recommend it fully.
This is my first new car, purchased for college and expecting 15k a year. So far I'm impressed with the car - it's comfy with a nice ride and it's quiet. It's practical with lots of room for people and things but also fun to drive thanks to the great handling. I purchased the awd model due to where I live - we get snow; in fact the day I bought it I drove home in snow very confidently, car has lots of grip. Only things I can think of needing to be addressed are build quality (just a bit) fuel economy could be better I think and the engine could be better which I hear is on the way (but even that engine now used in the MKZ isn't so great). Mine was loaded except for navigation system. I paid $24,000.
Very sensible - sedan but feels like a coupe...very good handling (and I don't prefer front wheel drives) very easy on fuel unless you jump on it, but the power is there when you demand it. That's because of a very well tuned six speed transmission. Definitely go for the six cylinder six speed auto transmission...smooth power, less hard working engine. 
Car is well put together. Ddriveline is very smooth and handles great. If you do a lot of interstate driving, forget the 4, get the v-6. Tennessee interstates demand you do 80 M.P.H at the end of the acceleration ramp. I could not find a better made vehicle with a v-6 for the amount of money I paid. 
I have to say that I am pleased with this purchase. I have checked out the 2007 Toyota Camry and the 2007 Honda Accord - too expensive and not impressed. The Ford Fusion saved me over $7k and it was a practical purchase. My vehicle is fully loaded without the Navigation System and the spoiler. This is my fourth brand new vehicle from Ford that I have purchased over the last 15 years and so far I had a very good experience. I had a 1992 Ford Thunderbird with over 180k miles and recently a 2003 Ford Focus ZX3 with over 60k miles. I highly recommend this vehicle.
I have always owned Hondas, but I decided to trade in my Accord on a brand new Fusion. It was a great idea. Instead of having to put aftermarket parts on my car to make it be appealing, the Fusion already comes with chromed-two tone leather-carbon fiber dash-and nice head and tail lights. I have mine in black with black and grey leather...it looks better and is just as reliable as any factory Honda out there. So why would anyone pay more for a Honda, my Fusion is one of the best ideas I've had in a long time
Taut, well put together, quiet, big back seat, zoomy, 23 mpg combined city / highway, great sound system, smooth-shifting SIX speed automatic transmission, six air bags, etc. what's not to like?
My new Fusion is awesome. Bought it new with 3k miles on it, the dealership used it for the commercial accounts salesman. It is the SEL model with auto transmission, and 4 cylinder engine. It drives great, the suspension and handling make it extremely fun to drive. I have gotten as high as 37 mpg on a trip from Bangor ME to Coventry RI, about 338 miles; that was a little bit more than a half of tank. I was skeptical about getting a 4 cylinder, but it has some good pep when needed, so no complaints. I was told the 4 cylinder was the same engine used in the Ford Probe. I have never been a fan of Ford, but this Fusion has changed my mind.
I bought the Fusion without ever seeing one in person and I really love this car. Gas mileage has been up to and over 30 MPG from the beginning. I also don't have any problems getting started from a full stop of punching the pedal to get out of a tight situation. The reports of slow response to gas pedal input just aren't as bad as they are made out to be. I am also 6'4" tall and have zero issues with leg and head room. I also have no problems with the turning radius. My previous vehicle was a Ranger which had a larger turning radius, so the Fusion's tighter turning is a nice change of pace.
Got the car and drove it to PA from Texas and back. Mileage averaged about 26.5. No problems. Torque steer a bit strong. Transmission somewhat hesitant to upshift. Tight steering and no flutter in the rain. Overall seems like a good deal for the money. Was about $3K less than an Altima with comparable fit, finish, and performance (I own two Altimas). Not going to get excitement but a solid competent, cost effective performer. I paid about $22.3 for it so the deal wasn't super but it wasn't bad either. It deserves a look if you are interested in a midsize.
Fast accelerating, tight turning capability. Exterior design is beautiful. And fairly inexpensive.
Bought this car used, but spent a lot of time researching before buying Fusion.Wanted leg room, head room, gas mileage, room for two teenage boys and 6 year old in back.Got it all! with a great price, too! I have NEVER regretted getting this car. Would not hesitate to purchase another.
I bought my car in the fall of 07 6 months after i bought it, it started making a noise when i started it and turned the ac on....well i took it in to the dealer they said it was the belt so they changed it. the noise stopped for a week then came back..i took it in again they told me they couldnt figure out what was wrong...so i took it to another dealer ended up having to leave it for a week to have my tensioner pulley and ac clutch pulley replaced and my motor readjusted....a year later its making the same noise...not please with the vehicle should have keep my 05 altima way nicer car..
wife and I both luv our fusion. Economy is decent, but we both like the the pedal on the right. It works great. Ride, handling, comfort all great. Would put this against any car priced close. Prospective buyers, try this one.
I have owned this car for 2 years now. I must say this is the best car I have owned so far. Very durable car, reliability has been top notch.You wouldn't believe the punishment it took over the last two Canadian winters and over the pothole infested roads.I have the 5speed and trust me it makes a big difference compared to the automatic.The engine is pepy but you will notice significant power loss on very hot days.Shifter is very smooth. The suspension is one the things that I like most about this car,it handles beautifully.Trunk is big and the backseat is nice and roomy.The stereo is pretty good.I highly recommend this car to anyone looking for a frugal & very well thought through car.
I bought my 07 Fusion w/ 30k on it last year, and it is a great, all-around commuting car. It doesn't have the acceleration and power that I prefer, but it more than makes up for this as far as ride quality is concerned. It is one of the SMOOTHEST riding cars you'll ever have. I literally keep falling asleep while driving due to the low wide noise and smooth ride. The interior is very nice and neat, and of course the exterior meets a tame middleground between sophistication and sportiness. The seats aren't the comfiest, but they're good. So, if you have kids and a tight budget, and you're not a speedster, this is a great car. It's reliable and doesn't feel cheap.
I have had my fusion almost 3 years and I can say that this is by far the best car I have ever had. Great gas mileage, comfortable ride, plenty of nice features for a lot lower price than other brands. I have heard so many bad things about 4 cylinder engines. Ok people it is possible to pass someone in a 4 cylinder. JUST LEARN TO DRIVE. That's all the problem is. Even with the 4 cylinder this car is peppy. 
Wow! I am really impressed with this car. The two things that I disliked liked about my Honda Cr-v - this Fusion has answered! The comfort of the seats and the quite ride! My Cr-v was so noisy on the highway and I was always trying to get comfortable in the hard seats. This is a classy car and the price is great at 2 years old with only 34k miles on it, It still smells new! I would recommend anyone to take it for a drive and see if it doesn't impress you!
I test drove many mid-size sedans and the Fusion blew me away! I was hesitant to look into Ford, but I'm very glad I did because my car is fantastic! From the sexy exterior design that demands to be recognized on the road, to the sleek fully loaded interior, this car has it all! It drives like a dream, looks like a concept car, feels like a luxury sedan, and costs half as much! I have been averaging about 28.5 MPG through mixed driving and I have a very heavy lead foot. I have the 4 cylinder, but the power behind it feels like a V6. I plan on keeping this car for a very long time, and I would recommend the Fusion to anyone! 
I'm in the military and drive a lot. It surprisingly has a lot of get up and go for a four cylinder. I barely touch the gas and it some times throws me in my seat. It has great gas mileage. From Michigan to North Carolina I spent 60 dollars on gas and filled the tank 3 times. It is a fun car, boy is it fun. 
My Chevy Cavalier was on her last legs, and I was looking for upgrades, with an emphasis on price, safety, and fuel economy. I looked all over, and my wife dragged me (kicking and screaming) to the Ford dealer. I test drove the Fusion and instantly knew this was what I wanted. Good mpg, very comfortable and roomy, though those who are 6' or taller with long torsos may find head room a bit tight. After about 40,000 miles, no problems, averaging 27-30 mpg in mixed driving. 4 cyl a bit whiney but what ones aren't? Ford has really gotten their act together, and the Fusion is great proof of this. 
I have always wanted a Ford Fusion ever since Ford came out with it. I was unfortunately in a bad car accident with my 2007 Ford Focus, which was an excellent car as well, and was able to purchase my Fusion. I am 200% happy with the over all package. Very spacious, great fuel, comfortable. I have all the bells and whistle on this car and I love it. Great family car even if you are the only one that drives it. I live in the country and drives well in all weather changes the midwest could throw at you.
I am writing about my car which is coming up on its 2 year anniversary in April. We have traveled over 77,000 miles together. I have not experienced one mechanical failure during that time. I just replaced the pads & had the rotors turned and we have new tires. That's it. This is an amazing car as far as reliability. It still hangs corners at twice the limit and looks good in the process. Still comfortable. No squeaks or rattles. I plan on keeping it another year or two and then passing it down to my daughter and picking up something with more HP (300+). Great Car!
I have driven many new cars but this one is one of the best I have ever owned. Lots of room, well equipped and very fun to drive. Cant wait to get the new 2010. No problems trouble free, the dealer is great, service is great, I highly recommend this car and dealership. They are the seventh oldest Ford dealer in the US
Best car I've owned. Handles nicely on dry ground, looks sporty and has great music/stereo features.
Getting rid of her Camaro, my wife needed a family car. We looked at the pricey Camry, Prius, Accord and Mazdas out there and landed on the Fusion. Mainly for the styling, room, and price tag. We bought it used with 10,800 miles on it. She does a 60/40 HWY/City driving that yields great mileage. Constantly getting 25 mpg in the city and 31-37 mpg on the highway. A recent 200 mile road trip yielded 34.8 mpg at 75 mph with A/C on and 4 people plus luggage in the vehicle. We really love the mp3 input jack that allows for unlimited music tunes through our trips. She drives 25 miles one way to work and gets an average of 30.6 mpg with her city/hwy driving.
Live in the snowbelt of Northern Ohio. Needed a new car, test drove everything in this class with the exception of the Fusion. Decided to buy an Impala but the deal was not to my liking. Went to the local Ford dealer and test drove the AWD SEL and bought it as soon as I returned from the test drive. Mind you I bought it during a snow storm and was very impressed with the AWD system. I drive 70 mi a day and love driving this car. Great seats,audio and climate control. Averaging 26 mpg on highway and 22 in city and I am an aggressive driver.The interior absolutely beats all otheer cars in this class. Love the seat warmers!
I have been very disappointed with the quality if this car. I have had to replace a front wheel barring not 2 months after purchase and have had transmission problems this car does not have the power you can't pass unless your going down hill or have plenty of room it does not feel safe on the interstate. The battery terminal went bad and that had to be replaced too. The interior is cheap and the seats are already separating (I weigh only 125 lbs) and the trunk doesn't say open. As far as design and comfort I love it that is why I purchased this model. Unfortunately you'd better love it because there is no trade in value my $16,000 car is only worth $7,600 depreciated 1/2 in 8 months.
This is by far the best vehicle I have ever owened, very reliable, very economical, fun to drive. Very sharp looking car. Six star rating. I will be trading it in next year for a newer one. I like the way the 2010 models look.
When my wife and I went shopping for a new vehicle for her, we were open minded, we spent the summer looking at just about every vehicle in our price range. We couldn't agree on anything, as goes with pretty much everything else. When we took a Ford Fusion out for a test drive, we both liked it. We did take a few other cars out for test drives, and nothing compared to the Fusion, and I knew we wouldnt be happy with anything else. We settled with the 4cyl, because she mainly drives around town. But I was shocked when our family went to visit relatives 200 miles away, and with our boys, 6 and 15 years old, who didnt once complain about being cramped, and a trunk load. still averaged 28.5 MPG. 
I will never buy out a lease, until now. I had a 39 month lease and am buying it 12 months early. This car is great for the everyday commuter. The seats are exceptionally comfortable and reliability has been great. The car looks great inside and out. 
Planned on a Altima. The selling price gave me more car for my money. Overall quality is very good with the exception of noticable gaps along the door at the main pillar. The traction control has too much lag. It can be kind of irritating when getting started at a green light. The climate controls are set too low so I have to take my eyes off the raod to adjust. The four cylindar cruises very well on the highway. Road noise is very good for a car in this class. Rear visibility is not the best. The car handles very well. Taking a 270 degree off ramp at 50 mph is kind of fun. Overall, I would recommend this car.
Great car. It has great styling. It looks a lot more expensive than it really is. Decent power, not great. Excellent sound system. Still havent found this mp3 jack everyonje talks about. Maybe I should read the manual. Would suggest this car if it is your first time buying a new car.
Overall the car is just average. There is nothing amazing or fun or neat about the car. Seats are above average in terms of comfort. The car also has some decent visual appeal at first. However, the fuel economy stinks and the technology is outdated. Ford has improved on the reliability but still does not have great fit and finish. There are little rattles and weird clicking sounds. The engine flat out stinks. Needs dual vvti to help with power and gas consumption. Car also needs bigger output, possibly a 3.5 liter. If you are going to buy American Ford probably is your best bet but I only bought the car because I was on Ford's discount plan. 
Love the car ,bought it because of the AWD,car is very functionable and lot's of space ,comfortable to drive. Had a Lincoln LS before and the finish and quality is right up there. Really like the storage compartment in the dash and media controls on the steering wheel.Fold down passeneger seat makes it very easy for carrying longer items. The AWD is awesome, freeway mileage is 32 -35 mpg, city mileage as low as 16 mpg with mild driving. Installed rear back-up sensors (offered in 2008) as rear visability is poor. I would definitely recommend this. I would absolutely buy another one. 
Love the car ,bought it because of the AWD,car is very functionable and lot's of space ,comfortable to drive. Had a Lincoln LS before and the finish and quality is right up there. Really like the storage compartment in the dash and media controls on the steering wheel.Fold down passeneger seat makes it very easy for carrying longer items. The AWD is awesome, freeway mileage is 32 -35 mpg, city mileage as low as 16 mpg with mild driving. Installed rear back-up sensors (offered in 2008) as rear visability is poor. I would definitely recommend this. I would absolutely buy another one. 
I own this Fusion SE for more than 1 year. You can not complain a lot on this car, except the power seat: I don't use it every month. It has no problem from the day I bought it. I drive almost all local and I can get 28/26 during summer/winter season, which is same gas mileage as my wife's Focus SE. It is better than my colleague's new Accord. I love the sound system and use it everyday. The power features are very convenient. Compared to Focus, it is so quiet. The computer is also a great feature. Now I hope it can be 10 years problems free. Best wish Ford can gain reputation again and be "proud to be made in America"! 
No car can match the features in the same price range. Very pleased. Consistently gets over 35 mpg hwy, 30 city. Best was 40.1 mpg on a trip of 280 miles, fully loaded! Most of car (60% +) is Mazda 6, platform, so this is no recycled Taurus. Very agile at 3100 lbs, brakes stop hard, and 4 banger has same acceleration as a 5 cyl Jetta. Seats are super comfortable, and trunk is large, equal to my midsize cougar. Best bang for the buck. 
I leased this car in January 2007. It had great gas mileage and is a very very good looking car in my opinion. There were only a few things I think should be changed. The 4 cylinder really lacks power, to the point it drove me crazy! The 6 cylinder would make it a wonderful car! The only problem I had was the brakes making a snapping sound, especially braking after backing up, I saw several different Fusions that had that problem. Other than that it was an awesome car. Very reliable and solid, I think Ford did a great job with this car overall.
When we bought this car I wavered a bit because it is a Ford but man have they changed on this car! For a mid- size car can this car move, looks like a perfect hybrid of mid-size and sports car. My wife loves the exterior look of the car and the lights. I would buy the Ford Fusion again in a hearbeat.
What a great car. I had already decided to buy Asian until I drove this car. I've had it 20 months and still love it. Not one problem encountered so far. Good fuel economy about 28 at 65+ and 24 combined.
This is the first new car I ever had. Always used. When I get behind the wheel of my Tungston grey Fusion I feel as if I am a queen. The style turns heads and many folk have asked me about this car since I purchased it. If fact, I have converted a few who were loyal to another make, to buy a Fusion. I just took a trip to Conneticut and arrived feeling like I drove 2 miles to the grocery store. Needless to say I just love my Fusion and really do have fun driving it. 
I have owned my car now for 16 months. I have 49K miles and have had my first "issue". I have to have a tailight bulb replaced today! This is a fantastic car. When I drive conservatively I can get 30mpg on the expressway. My combined mileage with the V6 is 23mpg with a 50/50 mix of driving. No squeaks and rattles. No expensive dealer service. Oil changes every 6k miles with Mobile 1 and K&N oil filter. This is a great car. Sirius is great! Only nit to pick is that the AC/heat blower could be a little quieter. Seats are also very comfortable for long trips! Go drive a Ford! Oh and this is from a former Honda owner! 
It was hard to believe that this car is a Ford. I have had some bad experience with Fords in the past and swore I would never buy one again. This car changed my mind completely!The quality is very impressive. People,this car is tough. !It's built solid and so far no built quality issues at all. Overall performance is good. The 4 cylinder engine is fantastic, but just a tiny bit too weak for this heavy car. I recommend you get the 5 speed manual. Transmission shifts nicely with no grinding at all. I average 25 mpg and my driving is almost all city. The car looks very nice and I get lots of compliments. The suspension is marvelous,handling is great,a very fun to drive car. I am very happy with my purchase!
After owning the car for a year, I still love driving this car. Unlike most of the other popular mid-size sedans, the Fusion is a lot of fun to drive. The V6 and 6speed scoot the car nicely. The handling is great which is what makes this car fun. The leather seats are very comfortable and the interior is modern and uncluttered which I like. The quality has been impeccable. The car has not had so much as a loose piece of trim. Hats off to Ford.
This car has down every thing it is supposed to, run without any trouble. Change the oil and put gas in it and maybe air up the tires that is all I have done to it. It's comfortable and handles like a dream. I test drove the Camry...I should say, rented one in FL it was brand new and I was pretty inpressed with it unit I went to close the door an the side panel fell out. It just popped out in my hands with almost no effort. Not my idea of quality. The new Accord is ugly and expensive so off to the Ford dealer I went.
I love this car for the most part - there are very few things I would change about it. This is the first car I ever purchased brand new and I wish I had waited for the AWD to become available. I also wish my ex (who went to pick it out once we decided on the Fusion) had held out for ABS - I definitely miss having ABS!
I'm 6'7" and 270lbs and I fit just fine in this car. I could not have the sunroof, but I got everything else. I put lots of miles on this car and I have not been sorry I bought it. The 4cyl with a manual has plenty of power. Yah it's nice to have 300hp like the Mustang I traded in for it but as I pass gas station after gas station I can live with the power it has. I used to drive Toyota and Chrysler but now I'm a Ford guy.
I am a Ford engineer. I have been leasing turcks because I was not happy with Ford cars in the past. I was determined not to buy a Ford car until I am satisfied with one. And I am driving Fusion V6 SE right now which I think is by far the best car in its price range ($25k). I would buy this one at end of the lease definately. I only wish I could have leased Licoln MKZ in the begining or the Fusion SEL w/ leader seats.
This car is great. Handling, power, style, comfort, and the room. This car has more leg room than our sport trac. We have been getting 27 mpg in the city and 34 mpg on the highway. That's better than the posted numbers on the window sticker. Just to bring it to your attention look at what Chevy did with the new Malibu and tell me what car does it resemble. 
No problems, just a great car. Super sharp looking car in tungsten silver. I am averaging 22 mpg around town. 28- 29 mpg on higway trips.
I originally had a 2006 Fusion but traded it in on the 07 because I wanted the side airbags and more features. I drive 80 miles (mostly hwy) a day to work doing 75mph. In the warm months I've been getting 27-29 mpg 90%hwy, in the winter it drops around 24 mpg. It had a rattle in the dash doing 40-50mph at1600rpm. The dealer fixed it, they said there was a Ford service bulletin something on the firewall was the cause of the rattle. If you are in the market for this size car, I highly recommend it, good reliable, fun to drive, huge trunk, and plenty of power. 
This car is one of the best vehicles I have driven. Over the past 27 years I have owned a large number of automobiles, and this one is outstanding in many ways. It is very comfortable, handles very well, and has good power. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a reliable and stylish ride.
I like the vehicle, but have had problems with a strange strong vibration when the car hits 50 - 55 mph. Had it back at the dealership several times. Other than that, I enjoy it, I drive approximately 80 miles a day 5 days a week and the drive is enjoyable minus the vibration. I used to have a Nissan Maxima, which lasted me 9 years and 250,000+ miles, hopefully the Ford Fusion will prove to be comparable. However, the Fusion is definitely a lot better in the snow than the Maxima!
Wanted a mid-sized car, 4 cylinder engine, manual transmission, and good fuel economy! After driving several Fusions as rental cars (albeit with automatics), liked them enough to purchase. After 2 months, the only complaint is the sunroof has a small rattle (will take back to dealer) and fuel mileage has been low even without hard acceleration/stops. 
Make many 2000-mile round trips for work. At 6'0 240 lbs., '05 Civic was cramped. Intended to get an Accord, but they weren't dealing. Heard Ford was, so checked out Fusion. Have 11000 mi. almost exclusive long highway drives on this Fusion. Great combo of power, comfort, and fuel mileage. Doesn't seem to be geared to be peppy at low speeds (compared to Civic), but going 90 before you know it; and handles very well on open highway. Noticeably less road noise than Civic. I cruise between 70 mph and 80 mph and get 31 mpg on trips. Seat adjustable enough to get comfortable with plenty of leg room. Same with steering wheel. Very happy with this vehicle - and wife really likes it too.
I have had Toyota and Honda drivers break their necks to check out my Fusion. 0 to 60 the Honda and Toyota may be a little quicker but, with the 6 speed tranny I would love to see the from 50 to 100 results.
I've never really been a Ford lover since I've always had Subarus, but I must say this is the best car I've ever had. Not only is it easy and fun to drive, but it's also comfy and roomy. The Fusion is also a smooth ride and you hardly feel bumps or potholes. I do a lot of long distance driving and am in my car for hours on end, and it is just awesome!
This is by far the best purchase I've ever made. The car looks outstanding and different, and it performs spectacular. A lot of features that during my commute to school and work, it makes traffic bearable, that and the really good gas mileage. When added with the steeda performance parts this vihicle becomes the best sedan for the money. I absolutely love this car. I've entered it on different car shows and it has won 1st place on domestic sedan class.
My fusion is a great car always been a GM guy traded my 96 trans am in for it because of children. Ford has really impressed me on the design of the fusion it really does handle like a european car I have upgraded wheels and tires that make for a great look on a inexpensive fun car.
 I recently put in a 90 mile trip for work each way. I put the cruise on 68mph and got in the granny lane. I achieved 31 miles per gallon over that 90 mile stretch. That's including hills. This car is fantastic. Forget a hybrid if you drive for fuel economy you don't necessarily have to buy an economy car. This car is roomy, durable, inexpensive to own and sporty. My local dealer (didn't even buy the car from them) has been great on service. This is my first new Ford but I couldn't have had a better experience. Have you driven a Ford lately. And my car before this was a Honda and yes this is a better car. 22,000 miles in 6 month.
I bought this car recently and absolutely love it. The ride is smoother than any car I have ever been in and the steering reacts very well. 
I was hesitating to buy a Audi Quattro A4 or the Ford Fusion V6 AWD. The Fusion costs $10,000 less and has better reliability. Therefore I bought a Fusion (and put an additional $10K for retirment). I like this car very much, specifically the body stiffness in sharp turns. I also like the "straight forward-no gimmick" Ford style. 
We used to be Toyota fans. The last two cars we owned were Camry's Our 96 would die on hills with no warning and had a clunk when shifting. No one including dealerships could figure it out. Our second 02 at 80K had the tranny go out. Our friends bought a 07 Camry we bought the Fusion. Runs perfect, sporty, fun, comfortable, we just love this car. Our friends just replaced the engine block and seat belts on the new Camry. Not one prob with our car. We are so glad we chose the Fusion.
My wife's car. So far the Fusion is exceeding both my and her expectations and at a great price. No workmanship issues to speak of at 3400 miles. A little weak in from-stop acceleration, but only a 4 cylinder. Great fuel economy for a car its size.
I have owned many cars both foreign and domestic. Go look at this car before you buy a new one. This car has good handling, performance, space, quality and features. I have 18500 miles since April 2007 with no problems. The car has only had scheduled maintenaince. Go give a Ford a try. My mom bought a Hyundai and it has been in the shop for 4 days with 400 miles on it. Domestic quality has improved dramatically. This car is also very safe with dual and side airbags. It also has a real back seat. This is as nice of a car as my previous Cadillac and Mercedes were without the high repair bills. I haven't seen my dealer much but they do a very nice job taking care of me for regular service also.
I purchased this car after driving five F-150s in a row, and I am not disappointed a bit. The Fusion drives nice, the V6 has plenty of power, and it gets great highway gas mileage. The SEL has lots of great features and feels like a more expensive car.
I purchased this car after looking at the Camry, Accord, Altima, and G6. This car blows them all out of the water. You can't beat what you get out of this car. Especially considering it cost less them all its comparable counterparts. What can I say, Ford nailed it with this one.
I bought mine today but I have done lots of research and drove almost every car in its class/price range. Its definitely the best. The 07 Accord seemed cheap and had a horrible sound system. It looked like my friends 1999 Accord in some ways. The Camry was too plain and felt like driving a boat. The Altima and Maxima weren't bad and to me are under rated but all in all I felt like giving my money to the Americans. Every American car bought helps are economy it really does. I recommend this car to everyone.
2007 Ford Fusion SEL (4 cyl. 4dr sedan) I'll be honest, I never thought I'd own a Ford vehicle that wasn't a Mustang or a truck but the Fusion has changed my mind. My husband and I purchased our '07 in May of this year and we've loved every minute of driving this vehicle. The Red Fire Metallic with the Charcoal Black leather interior turns heads and my Dad who has always driven Audi's thinks this car is extremely impressive. We drove it from NJ to KS on our family vacation this year and couldn't believe how comfortable it was. Do yourself a favor and get a Fusion. You won't regret it. We plan on purchasing a second Fusion in Spring of '08 for me. 
Ford has designed and built a great sedan. If they can get folks to test drive this car they will buy it. The Fusion handles great, has plenty of room, decent economy and is one of the most stylish vehicles on the road. This car can definitely go head to head with the Accord and Camry and come out on top.
Rented this car while mine was in the shop for one week. Initial reaction. No low end torque (read: no get up and go)but nice and responsive when anywhere past 20Kmph. Quick sporty feel, handled well. Very pleasently surprised with this Ford product. Compared to a seven year old Civic it rattles far more when the stereo is turned up showing, to a degree, overall build quality. Very enjoyable drive and I will miss it although it would be in tough competition when I buy next. 
After many months of research and driving other vehicles, I finally found the car that fit me! I have a modified 91 Mustang GT 5.0, so I like fast cars that handle great. The V6 SEL AWD Fusion does both! The 221 HP is great, and not near as sluggish as the Buick Lucerne V6 that I drove. Not to mention the racey grille and spoiler! The interior is awesome- I got the Med. Light Stone leather interior and the Audiophile stereo system which rocks! The exterior is black. Only change I plan to do is to have the windows tinted. I get stares and comments (good ones) from Chevy owners. Ford did a great job with this car! Blue Oval Proud!
I have to admit, I like Fords so I may be a bit biased. However I also like quality. The Fusion gives me the best of both worlds. This car is a real winner and I have encouaged people to drive this car. I owned a 2000 BMW 328i with a sport suspension and I think the Fusion handles nearly as well. I would have never believed it had I not driven the car, but it's very impressive. The V6 has plenty of power and I really like the 6-speed auto. There's a little initial hesitation with a good stomp on the accelerator but the higher-end torque is nice. On top of that, it's a sharp looking car that people notice. Ford did a great job with the Fusion and hopefully they'll sell many of them.
Surprise! Ford really means it when they say this car can beat the Camry and Accord. Don't take their word for it, give it a try. Eerily quiet, smooth, elegant interior with the leather package, smooth-shifting six- speed automatic, and decent fuel economy at 25 MPG in mixed driving with the V-6.
My husband bought the Fusion for me for my birthday and I totally love it! I do have to say that I am a first time Ford owner (I never thought I would say that!) I am very impressed with the reliability, safety features and overall design. Not to mention the 25 MPG (HWY miles)! The cost is very reasonable for all of the gadgets and accessories the SEL V6 comes with. The sunroof has also impressed me, it is much quieter than what I expected when it is completely open. 
The Ford Fusion is not the most refined or most powerful sedan, but it is adequately powered and handles better than any sedan in its class. If you are looking for a car that is fun to drive and looks great, you should at least give the all-wheel drive Fusion a test drive. This car responds to steering input instantly and it just sticks to the road. The Fusion not only handles great, but it also has a very comfortable ride. The interior is not flashy with a lot of gimmicks. It is a simple and straightforward design that I have always enjoyed from Ford. The seats are comfortable
This car is fun to drive. It has the extra kick I was looking for without having to move all the way up to the sports car class. Also looks great, I still get plenty of comments.
I have only had my car for 2 months. I purchased it used. It was just something about this car that I had to have. I even had the dealership go out and find this specific car. I must say I am very pleased with it. I love the way it feels and the way it drives. Not to mention, I get lots of compliments on this car. I love it!
While driving to work in my 2005 F150 Lariat and complaining about the price of gas I thought I all ready have a F350 how many trucks do I need. Went on Fords web page and looked at what cars they had to offer. Loved the looks and capabilities of the SEL awd. Went out and traded in my dream truck for a 2007 Merlot V6 awd SEL. Now 6000 miles later in 3 months I still love it. I'm averaging 27.4 mpg mixed driving. Car handles like a dream. My 16 and 18 year old daughters think it's a cool car too.
Picked up a loaded 2007 SEL AWD. Ablast to drive and comfortable too. Have NAV and sunroof. All in all love this car for the price. I get 21 mpg around town driving as fast as I can go in an AWD car. Pleasure to drive on the highway. Nice Job Ford.
Ford really put out a great car to replace the Taurus even though they turned around and brought it back. The Fusion makes everyones heads turn if you know how to fix one up. From the 16 year old Fast and Furious wanna bees to the 70 year old church driver the Fusion is the car to want. Great driving and great looks. I love my Black Beauty!
This car is simply awesome! I just bought the 07 SEL V6 (sans AWD), and it will scoot! It feels like much more power than 221 hp, at least for someone trading in a 3.0 Ranger. The exterior styling is absolutely stunning, while the interior is elegant. The price is great as well. I simply took in my truck, told them what I wanted, where I needed to be in the payment, and drove off the lot a happy man. I would reccomend this car to anyone. Truthfully, one of the best values on the market! 
This car is OK. It isn't the greatest, and it isn't the worst. It is comfortable, but underpowered with the 4 cylinder engine. An Accord or Camry would leave this car in the dust. My car had door panels which rattled, and rather than waste my valuable time going back to the dealer, I tightened the screws myself. Where is quality control? Anyway....the car rides nice, and it is obvious that American car making has improved a lot. Regardless, for what amounts to the same price as an Accord or Camry, this car is missing "the little things", things like a coin holder built into the center console, and a locking gas cap.
Sportiness, roominess, quality, reliability, good price, good MPG, good looks. These items don't usually all go together in the same car. I like all the thoughtful features on my SEL, puddle lamps, heated mirrors, lumbar support, telescoping steering wheel, climate control, compass. These are great things that often get thrifted out. 
I have owned many many cars in my 46 years of driving. The 2007 Ford Fusion is the best. You can't best it for the price as well as performance and comfort. 
I leased my Fusion at the end of April '07. I have driven the car 10,000 miles since I have driven it out of state including two road trips from Detroit to Charlotte, NC. The car has no squeaks or rattles. The headliner near the power sunroof was not finished properly at the factory and the edges of the material were mis cut and has a visible open material edge. That is the only flaw in the entire vehicle. I owned a Cadillac Catera and other luxury vehilcles in the past. This car rivals them for style, performance, quality and features at a much lower price point. This car is an excellent value and a good quality, reliable alternative to buying foreign
I opted for the Fusion as my first experience away from Toyota. I have owned a 2002 Tacoma, 2004 Matrix, 2006 Corolla, 2006 RAV-4 and 2006 Tundra. The Fusion was an amazing value at $15,977 for the Automatic S. I could not believe all the standard features on this so called "stripped down" model. Great Stereo, and awesome fit & finish. Added 18" Rims and now this car looks like a 25K luxury auto! Could not be happier with the peppy gas sipping 4-cyl. Ford did it right and now we are considering an Edge for the family SUV!
I love the choice that I made to purchase a Fusion. The ride is very smooth, it has plenty of storage, and everything is easy to operate. Most of all, it is very good on gas.
When compared to other models in this class this vehicle is a steal. The performance, comfort, style taken into effect this vehicle should start at $24,000 but who is complaining.Test drive Fusion, Camry, and Accord,and see for yourself, plus you can keep several grand in your pocket.
I have loved this car since it was introduced in 2006 and when I got the chance to get a new car, I immediately looked for a Fusion. It's a great car, fun to drive and very reliable It packs a large punch that you might not expect from a V4.
After searching for months, I came back to the Fusion. This car is a winner! The styling is unique. The V-6 is worth a little less MPG than the 4 cyl. - as it shifts flaulessly, is very quiet and has plenty of power when needed. By far the handling is the best. After learning the underpinnings are from Volvo, "no wonder!" I thought - as my last 2 cars were Volvo and this car handles like no other import car. The interior is fresh and simple - not gaudy like Camrys' fake beach glass glowing controls and old folks boring "bisque" color scheme. Get all the options even if you think you don't need them - I did and I'm glad - very good value. 
Got new, Traded in 96 mustang I bought new Very good car, Very reliable 
This is the first time I purchased a Mustang and I love her......It is so much fun to drive and take sharp corners. I wouldn't trade it for nothing. Oh and by the well her name is Mustang Sally......
I'm not an easy sale, which is part of the reason why even though I love this car so much that I do not give it all 10's as the purpose of this is to inform you and not brag about how great of a car this is. The car looks great stock but lacks the power that I personally desire. Easily fixed though with very accessible modifications that you can do. Interior quality can be improved but leave the exterior alone as it looks the way it should. The Handling is great and it behaves like a muscle car is supposed to. Definitely recommend getting an aftermarket intake, exhaust and a custom tune otherwise don't expect to blow by other cars in it's class with ease. 
The engine in this car really surprised me when I test drove it. Quite a bit more power than the older 6's. I have not had any real problems with it yet and the engine seems really solid. When I hit bumps or turn the music up I do get a rattle from either the mirror or the door handle, but I have heard the same from alot of S197 owners. Overall this is a great daily driver and pretty fun. However if you live somewhere with snow, it probably isn't a great choice.
I use my California Special GT as a toy, weekend car.. I only have 970 miles, its will be 3 years old in December 09. Only work has been oil change, and the front strut "clunker", which is a technical bulletin warranty work...I need to drive her more, car sits too much.. Love to take her out on Sunday, and let my pony run...
I have had my Mustang over 2 years now and it is lucky #13. I have been driving Mustangs since 1988. Out of the 13 I have owned only one was a lemon, a 2004 which I bought as a left over, but this 2007 has been spectacular just like the previous 11 models with no issues. While the interior feels like a cockpit and more room was given for taller drivers in the 05 redesigns, it could still use some work. The center console could be a little smaller. Handling is nice with the 18" wheel package. My model also has the 3.55 rear axle. I drive a basic deluxe, the only options were the 3.55 rear, upgraded dash, and the 18" wheels, otherwise barebones, and I love it. Over this is fun car.
First of all, I absolutely loved the look of my 2007 Mustang, v6 Premium with Pony Package and Interior upgrade. It looked awesome. Unfortunately, the interior was plagued with rattles the dealer couldn't fix, and any driver who knows what I normal suspension should sound like would know that this car suffers from serious design flaws in the form of loud suspension clunks in the undercarriage. It sounds like bottom is gonna fall out on uneven surfaces. It also had terrible traction without the traction control upgrade, and I felt unsafe driving in rain. Wanted to love it, but had to get rid of it 6 months later and took a huge hit. 
This car has been a problem from day one. The battery can go dead in as little as 36 hours of setting. It rides like a buck board. Transmission (stick 5 speed) makes all kinds of noises. And the selling dealer said that nothing is wron with the car.
What a great car. If ford had been making these cars 10 years ago they wouldn't be in the trouble there in. Every one needs a convertible, this is a great one. wish it had a little more horse power, but if it did, I wish it had even more.
Great looking but practical sports car, with very good performance and a gorgeous noise. My wife (who is old enough to know better) floors the pedal just for the noise. Pin sharp handling that gives a whole new meaning to "I'm just popping to the Post Office" - it is rather an interesting little road with some good bends. I have to slow down for the straights! Excellent value for money and amazingly reasonable to insure. 
Coming from a '97 Cobra that literally shook itself apart over each bump or road ripple and had one problem after another. So it was a pleasant surprise to see there's at least as much if not more power, the ride quality is 1000% better, and it sounds almost as good as the Cobra. Cobra sounded big and mean with a lot of rumbles, GT sounds big and clean without much of that V8 rumbling which I miss a bit - close, but not quite the same. Build quality I have yet to determine as I'm only into day 3 and haven't really hit any nasty bumps where things start to come loose. So far it seems very well built, no rattles or loose parts yet. 
This is my second GT, the first was a '99 GT. Specs Acceleration is good and the handling is much improved over the last model. The gear shift is located properly (finally) and the interior is quite attractive with the upgrade. I got the dark alluminum trim with a black interior, and I think it looks great. Last GT had parchment interior and showed alot more dirt and age after 5+ years than friends with black interiors. Rear seat is almost useless for anything other than a package shelf. Trunk is a nice size but the trunk opening makes placing larger items inside tricky. Very happy with my purchase.
In all honesty it isnt easy buying a car now days! It's hard to decide if you want a new muscle car which really ony gives you the option of the Mustang, or to go with a foriegn to get the mileage. I've got 1500 miles and am extremely happy. The car gives you a road race ready experience. The automatic has virtually no problems. The shifts are so quick it's unbelievable, and once you get those tires smokin' you better hope you're in a parking lot because it's all over the place.
The quality is superb, the interior comfy, back seats a bit tight. This thing is super. I highly recommend that anyone looking for a convertible test drive this car last. Fully decked out, it was still $8000 less than the EOS, and the convertible top is flawless. You might like the looks of the Vette, as we have, from the outside, but here the looks are inside too, great seating, and be careful for that accelerator pedal!
After just a couple weeks the car is nice. Finally got my long awaited Mustang. I own a 1954 Conv 289 4vv with a 3 speed, the 07 blows the car away in speed and comfort. it's more fun to drive, but workmanship shows why the American car companies are losing business. Fit and finish are OK at best.
My Mustang GT California Special is more than I expected and has plenty of power and rides great. The 3 valve engine just keeps pulling and the suspension is smooth and tight. The California package is worth the price and I love the car.
I love this Stang. This '07 has the power of the older ones and the styling not matched in the newer ones. Great comfort and very mod freindly to the enthusiast. I plan on keeping this one a long long time. 
I really am satisfied with my new car. It drives and handles like a much more expensive car. Love the Windevil Blue and Parchment color.
I have had the car less than 2 months and it has been in the shop for repair 2 times. The passenger door continues to rattle, even after putting a new anit-rattle pin in the door twice. The passenger car door speaker had to be replace due to internal wire issues and the open and close door switch too. Also, they had to replace the mechanism that open the doors when you press the car remote. Now, I am having serious second thoughts about my purchase. However, I must say that my car dealer has really tried to fix all of the issues with the car. I think it was poorly built at the manufacture. I will be back at the dealer today, wish me luck.
I own a 01' Vette and I needed an everyday driver. I wanted another sports car that's fun and reliable. To my surprise, the Mustang GT delivered. Before turning the car on, I couldn't believe how comfortable the seats were. The seating position was just perfect, as well as the location of the 5 speed shifter. I can not emphasize enough how smooth the 5 speed transmission is. I'm in awe. The interior is well crafted aside from the plastic pieces. The chrome and aluminum accents are favorable. Now to the performance. Let me tell you, this thing goes and that's coming from a Vette owner. The sound/rumble of the 300 V8 is fantastic. I'm happy with my decision on this vehicle. 
The best yet for Mustangs. Beautiful and powerful. Much improved seating and noise. Unbelievable Shaker 1000!
The car is absolutely amazing; it runs great and with the two Ford racing packages along with the Shelby package it makes for one awesome 325HP car. I have only had it a day and I have to say that it is one of the best cars that I have ever owned. 
It's taken 12+ years, but I finally got another Mustang. I enjoy everything about this car, the feel of driving it, shifting, everything! Ford did an amazing job at building this car, but there are some drawbacks, but those were to keep the cost down.
This was a well thought out purchase, after test driving the Mazda RX-8, 350-Z and Vette. I was very surprised at how well Ford had done with the Mustang GT; the handling and horsepower are a far cry from the earlier models. I almost did not consider this car, I am so glad I did. Please understand if I could afford a new Vette it would be in my driveway, but for $15,000+ difference the Mustang GT wins. Take one for a test drive I bet it will end up in your driveway!
I wanted to add another hot rod for my garage so I purchased a 2007 Mustang GT, it would be good company for my 2005 GTO...it ended up as a poor choice. The GT has a much harsher ride, interior looks cheap and steering is a little sluggish. It does sound great at all speeds but with 300 HP I expected more of a rush when I jump on the gas. Compared to my GTO this car feels like it is pulling or carrying a trailer behind it.
I've had my car for about 3 months now and I still get excited about driving it anywhere! There is NOTHING in this price range that touches it either especially with the demise of the Camaro and Firebird. I can't tell you how many people have stopped me at the gas station to ask about my car or even at a stop light, commenting on how nice the car looks. I get about 18- 22 MPG driving in about 50% heavy traffic and 50% highway. 
Fun like it was 30 years ago! Fast, reliable. Much better handling. Ride is stiff for old joints.
The car is Vista blue with white racing stripes and 18" wheels. It drives like a kitten or a tiger, that's up to you, petal to the metal and the auto trans shifts at red-line. No loss of time for the auto in acceleration vs the 5 speed manual. I love this car. I suggest all options except for the hood scoop (serves no practical purpose and creates drag), the 1000 watt stereo and the convertible--both of which are over-priced in my opinion. The sound of the exhaust and the acceleration of this car for under $30,000 dollars cannot be achieved with any other car. I cannot believe it every time I drive it. It is plain fun. Drive it and you will buy it. 
Horrible experience. Bought this car brand new on Tuesday. 36 hours and only 115 miles on the odometer I am broken down on the road. Car needs a new rear (gears are shot) and a new transmission. Dealer would not provide a loaner car without paying for it. And roadside assistance took over 3 hours on a beautiful sunny day in NJ. How does a brand new car have soooooo many problems. It is unacceptable. The car is going to take 2 weeks to fix. And in case anyone is wondering it is not driver related. This happened at highway speeds in 5th gear. Horrible sounds and smoke coming inside through the vents. Will never buy a FORD again.
It might be too soon to write a review but I'll do it anyways. I love this car. I've been wanting one since the new body style in 05 and landed an 07. I could go on and on but I just love the retro look. The only drawback I have so far is I have a few rattles that seem to come and go. They come from the subs in the door. Other then that I'm very happy with my purchase.
In 2 weeks, the honeymoon is not over. Just starting the engine lets you know this car rocks! Distinctive sound is like Barry White - deep, vibrant and powerful. Performance with 18" tires is superb. Five speed shifting is smooth and solid. Front seats are extremely comfortable and supportive. Not a squeak or rattle - very tight. Couldn't find a defect on delivery. The gauge display is pure retro, but the color options are an up to date touch. Driving has never been this much fun.
I loved the car the moment I test drove it. I traded my 350Z for it. It handles just as good if not better than the Z, has more MUSCLE with the 300 horsepower engine, compared to the 288 with the Z and I love the RED LEATHER seats in my black GT with hood scoop and 18" polished wheels, makes for a real looker.
Given the $26K price tag, this is a fun car to drive back and forth to work. Yes, it?s not built like the expensive sport cars (I also drive a Porsche C4S), but it has the muscle and get up and go you would expect from our Dad?s old throw back muscle cars. If you?re looking for a superior quality sports car at $26K, forget it. If you?re looking for something to have fun with and get your heart rate up as you floor the accelerator, the Mustang GT will do the trick. I purchased the California Package and love the extras. Besides, there?s an enormous amount of extras you can purchase to personalize your Mustang in performance and styling. Love the car!
For us older baby-boomers Mustangs are well known as an iconic class of car. Until 2005 Mustangs had been gradually & pathetically compromised by quality and design beginning in the mid seventies. Now we have the best of both worlds, new age technology, cutting edge performance and classic design. Yes, they have cut a few corners, big deal. This particular design window and the features available has made this one of the new generation of collector cars. Somebody at Ford finally got "it." From the growl of the engine, to the stereo system, to the custom wheels and all the technology in between, it is everything we could never of dreamed up in the 60's. The most FUN! car I have ever owned.
Went from an 04 GT to an 07 GT convertible. The difference is amazing. Ride, performance and comfort are much improved. I don't want to get out!
This is my 4th car in two years; I've had an Accord, an 86 Camaro, a Camry, and now this and I LOVE IT! It's as fast as my V8 Camaro was and the handling is impeccable. I live in Colorado and it even does well in icy conditions given my previous training with rear-wheel drive. The interior is comfortable and smart looking and the exterior is simply HOT. Gas mileage is decent at around 21 mpg compared to 14 mpg in my similar performing V8 Camaro. Though only complaint I have to say quip about is the quality; I've had it since November and it squeaks like a wild horse. I played the stereo too loud and now the glass in the side view mirrors is loose and rattles! The cheap plastic can cut you.
I love the new body style. Very BOLD and strong. Very strong with great acceleration for a V-6. 
I love my 2007 V6 Coupe Premium. The way my foot barely touches the accelerator before it's ready to take off. No force pedaling here. The beautiful interior satin aluminum panel and the stylish ponies on each exterior side panel and the emblem on the back with the pony on the grill design, excellent! The Shaker 500 Audio System with the 6-CD player is awesome and sounds so good and clear with windows rolled up closing myself off to the outside world and enjoying the luxury inside along with the bucket seats. I love the functions of the power system and the speed control. My pony also comes with anti-lock brakes and traction control. I love my Pony.
This car is junk. The quality of this vehicle is so substandard that they left a 3" unsealed seam that lets water in causing electrical system failures and the car to become such a mildewed, mold covered stinking mess that Ford dealers won't even take the car as trade in. (Not an isolated incident. Search "2005-2007 MUSTANG LEAKS" and watch what you find.) Ford finds this kind of defect acceptable. They will patch it and send you on your way, regardless of any other damage that might have occurred). If you anticipate customer service and any assistance from Ford, don't hold your breath. These cars come with a taillight warranty, when they can't see your taillights your warranty is over.
I really am satisfied with my new car. I had a '98 Mustang before this and I can definitely notice the improvements.
High erratic idle (2500 RPM). Dealer cannot fix after 7 tries to repair. Also low fuel economy (20 mpg in V6), rough shifting (especially from 2nd to 3rd and sometimes won?t go into reverse), bad radio, and many rattles. Terrible service ? no wonder Ford is in trouble now. They build lemons and do not take any responsibility to fix the problems. 
As I am fast approaching my 60th birthday, it is nowhere near as fast as the 4.9 seconds it takes this Mustang GT to reach 60. Telling ya, I have been driving Ford trucks and SUV's for over thirty years and finally I bought a vehicle for the pure fun of driving it. When you crank it up the first thing you sense is a low rumbling growl generated from a 300HP OHC engine. By the time you put it into 4th gear you are going 70MPH at 2000 RPM. That's power. Add a little "Rolling Stones" on the Shaker 500 sound system and life takes on a whole new glow. 
I love my 07 Mustang. Since I was 16 I always wanted a 66, but I just didn't see how that would have been sensible. Now years later I have features of that model and updated ones. I can't explain how much I love my car. It drives just like I dreamed it would. The sound system is awesome. I actually want to drive it just to listen to the engine and the radio. If you love sporty cars then this is a great car to own.
This car is awesome. I have to look under the hood periodically to believe it's a V-6 and not a V-8. Great retro look. Adding the Pony Package looks great and says "This is a car that I'm proud to drive". If you love Mustangs, as I do, you'll love this model year.
The car is sharp looking and drives like it looks. The exterior and interior are finished off great. 
I miss my Mustang so bad. I bought it before I deployed to the Middle East. So, I can't wait to get back on it because it was a very, very smooth ride and easy to handle. I also enjoyed the Shaker 500 music stereo sound. It really felt like I was in another world when I drove it. If you want to drive a great looking American car for great price get a Mustang! U.S. Navy Sailor
Have owned an Alloy-colored V6 Mustang coupe for three months. Overall very pleased and recommend this vehicle to most potential buyers, given it is a two-door non-hatchback only for someone who regularly transports themselves and one other person. Quick, responsive, quiet, and reliable with dedicated professional dealer service. Driver position cramped, making ingress/egress difficult even for a slender person. Blower fan noisy at positions 3 and 4. Trunk access limited with narrow lid. Back seats only for small children and access difficult. BUT, it's a great looking sporty car at reasonable price and very fun to drive.
I bought my 07 last July. It is the best car I have ever owned. It has superb handling, great acceleration,a terrific rumble from its V-8 and twin pipes, wonderful stability at even VERY high speeds, and one of the best engine/transmission combos I have seen in any car, domestic or imported -- and it's got that great retro Mustang look. If American car makers would build all their cars as they have this one, the imports would be in full retreat. I bought it for my wife and haven't let her touch it.
What a great raw muscle car. Fast throaty acceleration. Easy to use controls. Drawbacks are the lumbar (or lack of) support and the slight interior noise from the mini window on the drivers side. 
I enjoy driving the Mustang except for a whining noise from the manual transmission in 5th gear and pulling positive torque. No noise when not under acceleration or slowing down. This is my third Mustang and the previous '88 and '95 both with the 5 speed manual did not make any noise like this. The dealership mechanic and the owner of the dealership both drove the car and both acknowledge the noisy gear whine but Ford wants more info from them comparing the noise with another new 5 speed manual transmission in another car. This transmission was flawed right from the first mile and should have been immediately repaired or replaced. Needless to say I am very disappointed with Ford and their quality.
2 weeks of ownership and I love this car. This new model is COMPLETELY different from the previous Mustang. I love starting up the car & hearing the V8 engine roar. A friend of mine who has a Prius sat in the driver's seat & started the car and loved it, and chuckled & laughed all the way to his Toyota. The car is very tight, no weird noises or anything. The ride is comfortable, easy to drive around town and feel good. The engine has plenty of power & sounds awesome. The engine sound reminds me of my old '70 Mach 1 and '70 Trans Am. The handling is good, much better than any Mustang I have owned in the past. The seats are comfortable and the a/c is cold. Cool, very cool car. 
The Mustang is really nice. The interior is a little cheap. Automatic transmission takes a while to down shift; likes to get in the high gear asap. The v8 sounds good, has all the power you need. Does not feel like 300 hp to me though; more like 230 hp. I have had mine to get a miss in the engine when I accelerate and turn; could be the traction control kicking in to stop me from spinning but not sure. Have to take it up with the dealer when I get my oil change which is every 5000 miles due to synthetic oil. But overall I am happy with the car. If you like to do adds for horsepower this is a good car - lot of add ons available.
Ford has finally got something right. The first car I ever owned was a Mustang. Now, I feel like a kid again. The body style and interior are what a Mustang should be.The gauges are big and bold. The added feature of choosing the color light on the gauges is a very nice touch. All the controls are very easy to reach and operate. The sound system is much improved.The horsepower is awesome. By disengaging the "Traction Control", the car will bark when shifting even though mine is an automatic. When traveling at high speeds the car holds the road very well, as it does cornering. The ride is very comfortable, and the driver has ample room. Overall, this car is a blast to drive.
Just bought the car a few weeks ago, love it, it takes me back to what a car should feel like. Yes I am 68 years young again. Thanks Ford; oh yes I had to put louder pipes, sounds like the good old days. No GM to compete with this baby, too bad but I will go it alone. Build more like this one and Ford could save the US market. GM should try a 1957 or 1958 look alike. What fun. 
I love this car. Red leather seats and the ability to change the instrument panel lighting is way cool. I get looks all the time and everyone says they love it. You can definitely feel the power but the comfort in commuting to work is good too. The trunk space is large enough to go on vacation and the back seats fold down to make it larger. The stereo system is excellent too, with all the power your ears can handle. I love the torch red.
This is definitely a Great Mustang. The chassis improvement over the Fox platform is amazing. Very solid feeling car. Interior is nice and has a lot of fun features with the Interior Upgrade package. Torque is plentiful and the car responds excellently to modifications. You'll definitely get noticed in this car. I get thumbs ups all the time. I feel like this will be a very reliable car.
I love my pony! I ordered a Windveil blue convertible with parchment top and leather interior same color with comfort package (new for 2007). Also added an interior upgrade. I wanted to brighten up the inside as much as possible, not a big fan of black, but the black that is there looks great! Oh, Pony package of course. This car is awesome! She gets looks everywhere she goes. So much fun with the top down. My salesman said to order the boot that goes over the top when it's down. It helps keep it clean when the top is down for an extended period of time. It's also expensive to add the hardware for it to the car if you decide you want it later. If you have cats, invest in a car cover.
The best car I've owned! I ordered it with all the options I wanted and it was well worth the wait. I just love the sound of the engine and I haven't even added the performance exhaust yet. Just thinking about it makes me want to go out and drive it again and again.
I just bought this car day before yesterday and I love it. I ordered it straight from the factory through a fleet manager, which I highly recommend. Initial gas mileage is horrible, but I've heard that it gets better over time. This car is really a blast to drive and it looks spectacular.
My wife and I have enjoyed this Mustang for the past month since we traded in our 2004 Mustang. Has surprising power, and response that is enjoyable. Lots of heads turn, most responses we get is for the color. Windviel Blue, seems to have everyone's attention. My wife likes going from our Xtreme Blazer to the Mustang, easy transition from one to another, but starting out in second in the Chevy, can't be done in the Mustang. Well at least not for her.
I bought this car as my first sports car and have been loving every minute of it. The sound, the ride, the style, everything is amazing. With an intake, tune, and an exhaust system, and the car turned into a completely different animal. I have the California Special in Performance White and it stands out from even other Mustangs.
I just loved the look of the 2005+ Mustangs when they came out. Finally I got a 2007 GT in 2008. Pros: Great styling inside and out. Has that great V8 muscle car sound and feel that makes it fun to drive. Cons: What is standard trim on most cars like aluminum accents and painted mirrors and such would cost many hundreds of dollars to get for the mustang as aftermarket parts. Engineering and build quality is very poor - 2005 to 2009 mustangs plagued with many problems including stalling, water leaks, suspension clunks, interior rattles, freezing e-brakes, etc. etc. Not a car for where it gets below freezing or rains a lot. 
Awesome vehicle, could use more horsepower. But you pay the right price for what you get! It stills blows past most cars at he line anyway
I drive this car in the Chicago area. Winter is not a problem as long as you slow down. When gas was $4 I slowed down and got 25 to 28 MPG in mixed driving.(70% hiway, 30%city) I had to replace the radio (shaker 500) for a minor fault (NC at dealer). The car is plenty fast and a thrill to drive. I have louvers on the rear windows and I'm putting on axle back exhaust to create 10 more HP and an even better sound, also coming is a cold air intake. The car is alloy in color and it turns heads where ever I drive. I cannot recommend it enough if you are looking for a reasonably priced sports car. I'll definitely buy another one.
Being a Mustang owner since 1965 it is much easier for me to offer an accurate view of this new car. We just bout a new '07 coupe with Pony Package. Yes, it is an unsold 07 in 2009! However, because it was two years old we got an unbelieveable deal! Engine is strong, stronger than any six before. Has a powerful throaty exhaust tone. It really scoots too! More power than either of us need. Everything that is good about a Mustang is great in this one. It still has many of the negatives too, like poor winter driving qualities, but, old veteran Mustang guy like me have learned to drive these over the years and I for one, have no trouble driving any Mustang in the winter. 
I love this car. It handles get in all weather. It is heavy and holds the road so much better than the 04 Mustang I traded in and I loved that car but this one with the v8 engine rocks. I enjoy every minute I am driving.
I have a grabber orange V6 pony with the package that's hammered on the ground. I love it and get tons of head turns! I have had a little trouble with it randomly dying and the dealership/Ford itself can't figure it out. My car just randomly dies. I have been going up a hill and it locks up/dies or just at a stop light and it dies. Once I put it into park it will fire right up and drive fine for like 6 months. Or it may die again in like another 3 mths. or 2 weeks, It's very random! Wish they could figure it out & fix it! Other then that I love the car. Very fun to drive. I do not drive it in the winter, so not sure how it handles in snow/ice. But overall it's been a good car!
I first drove a 05 Mustang V6 and after that I just had to own the new style Mustang. My 07 GT convertible is a real blast to drive. Can't decide whether to listen to the exhaust or the 500 watt stereo. Like other comments the gas mileage, acceleration, and handling is superb in this car. This is a true muscle car in my opinion. The 300 HP v8 engine has plenty of power. Mine is the torch red color with the hood scoop option. I get comments all the time about the looks of it. No rattles or problems since I got it new and its just over 2 years old now. Will keep this car for a long time. Paint quality is super on mine. I have keep everything stock on it for now.
Overall I love my Mustang GT. It's very fun to drive and makes a great daily driver. The style, performance, and sound can't be beat for the price. I drive mine year-round and only the worst snow storms will slow it down. It also gets decent gas mileage when driven with respect. I constantly get around 30 MPG on the highway and 18 MPG with mixed driving. My only complaint is the build quality could stand to be improved. I've brought it to the dealer numerous times to have various parts replaced. None were serious, mostly just to fix rattles, clunks or other odd noises the car was making. Other than that the car has been reliable for the two years I've owned it.
I have always loved Ford automobiles. As a mom, I got an Explorer for the diversity of our family. Then when I hit my thirities and the get were older, something was missing. Our family wanted something that was fun and still practical to drive because gas was almost $4.50 per gallon. I was going to get something before my midlife crisis. We test drove a Mustang convertible and the family fit so we bought the car. I love this car. There is nothing I would change. I have enough room for everthing. When you down size from an Explorer then all that kids stuff you just stop bringing everything. Boy do my kids smile when the top is down. Moms go for it!
I was told that the newer Mustangs handeled much better in the snow and ice than the older models. Mine does not. The car handles great it most conditions, but I have problems with a light rain or snow/ice. Granted I live in Chicago and probably shouldn't have bought it as my main car, but didn't think it would be as bad as it is. Spun out twice and had no control of the car after we had some snow in the area. Currently looking for a new car, but this car doesn't hold value. I've had it for a little over a year and it's already lost $11,000. I love my car, and I'll miss it if I sell it, but the winters are just too bad out here.
I've had the car for 9 months. I was never a big stang guy but gave it a shot. The car is for people who want to give a kid who is a auto amatuer who has the time/money to tend to. After 10,000 miles had to get rear brake pads replaced and they still squeak! Plastic interior rattles at times, the auto shifter is cheap. The engine is solid. Keep getting misfiring pistons at start up, even after tune up and new spark plugs. Engine is very reliable, steering is excellent. Don't expect to be able to do any improvements since it'll violate warranty. Struts and shocks are wearing down at 53,000 miles, unlike the Berreta, Toyota, and Pontiac Grand Am I had which had these problems occur at 70,000+
I've had my 07 GT for well over a year now and love the car and driving experience. For the last 20 years I've driven more fuel efficient trucks and SUVs and it sure does feel nice to have a motor under the hood. The car pretty much follows your foot's command. The car's been out a few years now, but it still attract attention and conversation most places I go. I don't drive the car hard nor do I drive it passive. Speeding tickets could be a problem in this car. When I get out on the road I find myself engaged in the drive. Other cars/traffic seem to always be going to slow; watch yourself if you buy one of these cars to drive!
Fun car to drive. The retro look and the interior upgrades with the Pony package made this the perfect car. Installed the Ford Racing dual exhaust system with excellent results, nice sound and better gas mileage. 
This is my 5th Mustang I've owned. 2nd pony in the garage is a 1970 coupe. Traded in a 2004 Mach 1 for a 2007 GT. Much more comfortable for this mid-age guy. Recommend adding heat option to both front seats. Adds several inches to the seat's base, which makes a big difference. Added HD to my Shaker 1000 radio. Wow what a difference in sound quality. Minor mods thus far. Cold air intake and flowmaster exhaust. Definitely needs retune for better response, but overall, a great car. 
I have had many convertibles and sports cars and my GT is right up there with the best ever for all around fun and value. I also have not had many vehicles that get so many people coming over to check it out--a real eye pleaser. 
This is a really fun car to drive! One thing that helped this car tremendously in handling was an Eibach lowering kit - before lowering it the car would get some serious body roll in the turns. After lowering it I sacrificed some of the cushy ride, but owning a Mustang isn't about being cushy! The delayed throttle response due to the fly-by-wire technology is a little strange to get used to, but can be compensated for by adding a hydrogen assist kit - supposed to help with gas mileage (and it does by about 1-2 mpg), but in this car with a tune it actually added about 12-15 hp, which seems to all come in during the low rpms, improving throttle response and the 'seat of your pants' launch.
I bought my GT back in 07. After adding some mods to it, like a cold air intake and a tune. It is truly a fast car. I ran a best of a 13.6 at 103mph in the 1/4 mile track. I get horrible gas mileage, about 14-16mpg. Mostly city driving, and I race my car everywhere. It's just to fun, not to speed in this car. I've had a lot of good races, and smoked a lot of fast cars. The only thing that is bad is the resale value of this car. I prob. lost $10k if I tried to trade it in today. But it has a great exterior, and the interior is nice to.
Got my ride not long ago but I decided i might as well write a review. I am a truck driver, so driving is what I do. I did not like to drive anywhere before with my F-150 but now I make excuses to leave. I love my 07, I usually drive with the radio full blast but now I love to listen to that v8. Left lane love should be the subtitle of this paragraph. Two complaints, suspension stinks ( upgradable, as is everything in a Mustang), and road noise, which is unacceptable at this price point. 
I drove many different cars before I bought the Mustang. For the money, I think I bought the best car. Great gas mileage and holds the raod in tight turns. I was in Kansas on business this spring and got a chance to open the car up on I-35. What a ride! I drove from Topeka to Wichita in 97 min. When I check my gas mileage it was around 27 mpg. Oh yes, it is 137 miles between the two cities. Around town the car is very fun and turns a lot of heads. All I can say is fun, fun, fun.
Well I bought the car and loved it untill the gas prices really started going up. The car acurally gets decent gas mileage if you baby it and drive it slow. However once we found out we had a child on the way I opted to trade it in on a 4 door until I realized how bad the trade in value was. For a car that cost $29,000 with only 16K miles and less than 2 years old I was offered 18K by the dealership. So I'm stuck with a nice car that didn't hold up it's value at all. 
I've now had the pleasure of owning my 2007 Mustang GT/CS for two full years. really love this car... still! So much fun to drive! So much power. Mine is a 5 speed manual, with the lower ratio rear- end. It really screams off the line. The mileage is amazing at about 29 on the highway, and about 22 around town...when I can keep my foot out of it which is pretty hard to do.
Had this Mustang about one month and the only drawback is the gas mileage. Am planning on upgrading some basic parts on the Mustang to free up air flow and fuel economy. The basic model is a great place to make add ons. I love this car and waited about 30 years for a real performance car. Good looks and nice 68-ish design. The V6 is good enough for me and has enough power. Great comfort and styling have nothing bad to say about this Mustang. 
I learned to drive in a 1965 red 2+2 fastback, and loved that car. Obviously I have a soft spot for Mustangs for that reason. The body style of the 2007 coupe has a strong nostolgia effect, but that is where the comparison stops. The 07 is so superior to the original it cant be put into words in such a small space. I normally ride a motorcycle (FJR 1300) and love to ride at speed on a twisty mountain road. I never thought I would, or could have as much fun on the same roads in a car. Well, I am smiling now just thinking about it. Sweet memories, sweeter reality. Thank you Ford for continuing this magnificent line.
I've driven 2 Altimas & a Corolla before this vehicle. Big step up in 'fun factor' and performance. I don't know of any speedy, chic autos that can compare to Mustang convertibles when it comes to price. I'm glad I have it and am seriously considering buying a GT in the future. Ford please don't change the body style. I'd like to see the interior improved, but most people who are aware of Mustang realize that cheap interior is par for the course. Besides, that would increase the price. Some small mishaps occurred in year 1: the windows malfunctioned at times, the trunk light went loose, the turn signal had problems. Driving out to the beach is a blast. Better than a Sebring or Solara! 
I really like the style, look, and feel of my 2007 Mustang CS-GT. I already own a 1998 GT conv. I was going to trade it in for the 2007 but I couldn't part with it. Anyways once a Mustang owner always a Mustang owner!
We mulled it over for a while, to buy or not to buy just for a sometime driver. So I bought first Ford in many years (1990 was last). Loved the body style so bought just for body style, not as a daily driver. It has become my daily driver, parking my 02 V8 Tundra. Just made a 600 mile trip and averaged 30 MPG hwy at 70 MPH. Impressed with V6 power. It is plenty for me. Comfort is not great, cabin is not quite (primarily engine noise), but it is what it is, not a luxury car, not a speed burner, but good dependable transportation with style. 
I've only had Japanese or German cars, but the Mustang has always stirred my interest a little, despite my general disdain for American design.That is, until this new body style came along. I must admit that I warmed up to it quickly and before long, I just had to have it. I wanted a convertible (actually did not mind a V6) and realized that since I'm a family man now, there are not a lot of choices out there:(Solara, anyone? Or worse, Eos) The Mustang fit the bill: Classic style, history, raw power and seats 4 to boot. Got the V8, who needs the radio when you have the rumble from the exhaust for entertainment? Crazy torque, handles well for its size and looks gorgeous with the top down
After owning 7 previous stangs I am so disappointed in my 2007 V6 5 speed stang. Though the exterior of it gets my heart singing and remembering the great ones I previously owned, The clutch and transmission has been a real horror. The car emits a low growl on acceleration in the mid to back. The shifting is very rough and very hard to move into reverse. The starter failed, the door handles had to be replaced. The interior seats are cheap and the seat belt is hard to get ahold of. I've complained about the 10mph gas mileage, had been on the phone and my car at the shop for the last 3 payments. They say nothing is wrong with it. I am not used of hearing the shifting so rough and loud. Sad day
Initially I was worried about fuel mileage but anyone wanting one should not be concerned. My mixed driving has returned anywhere from 19.8 MPG to 22.0 MPG and I did a highway test to see what I would get there and it turned out 26.7 MPG running 70- 75 MPH! The engine is fantastic, revs smooth, revs fast, tremendous torque will pull from anywhere in the rev range, can run down almost anything on the road. Interior is roomy and trunk is very usuable. Has tremendous ability to handle curves and also turns tighter than my '04 did. Looks superb, I get positive comments often.
The funny thing about the V8 GT is that it gets surprisingly good MPG on the highway and I routinely get 28mpg going back and forth between New York City and Lake George (250 mi). Around town and stomping on the gas from green lights I hover around 20. My Civic got 32mpg highway. One goes 0 to 60 in 9 seconds, one gets there in about 5. The biggest chuckle I get is when I stop the car at home, reach into the back seat where my son's child seat resides and pull him out, much to the amazement of passerbys and even more when I pull out his stroller from the trunk. This is a big, wide, safe feeling car and gas attendents routinely are amazed when they can't reach across with the squeegee. 
I've always wanted a convertible, now I have one. The car is fun to drive, very comfortable for a sports car, and I am really suprised at how great the ride is. I expected more road noise with the top up, so I am pleasantly surprised at the lack of noise. You can carry on a conversation with a passenger in normal tones with the top down. Same goes for listening to the radio. The V6 has plenty of power for an old guy like me (late 40's) and is pretty quick also.
My first was a 1967 coupe, after that I was hooked. Then came the 2001 Bullet, then the 2007 GT/CS. I have loved them all. Driving this new one is a blast if your in town or on the highway or at the drag strip. It handles very well. The fit and finish inside and out are above avg. The Shaker 500 stereo is awesome.(wish I would have got the 1000 though) I have done a few minor mods and am pleased with the results. This 3 valve motor responds well to modifications.
I traded my 05 Acura TL w/ 30k for this 07 GT w/ 7.5k straight-up. Says a lot about Honda/Acura resale vs. Ford. My TL was flawless in 3yrs so I hope the 'Stang does as well. The comparo. is apples/oranges but things I'll miss are made up for w/ the style, power and my love for Pony Fords.(got a 70 conv.)Ride is stiff or course, but handles like it's on rails. So solid it feels like it has been carved from stone. Impressive! Big car, I'm 6'6" and have plenty of head/legroom. Check back in a year to see if I'm still in love. If so I may have to trade up to the Glasstop fastback coming ion 09.
No rattles, good handling, great mileage for a semi-hot rod. Rear quarter visibility is limited by the fastback design, but this is a nostalgia tradeoff to look like the 68/69 Mustangs. The front seat has great comfort, the back seat never was meant for comfort. 
Your a little late for your appointment and you must change freeways..entering the inside lane and then must crossover four lanes to make the first exit 3/4 mile on the right (the exit you hate). As you come down entrance in 3rd gear there are three trucks abreast in the right lanes. A white Camry is ahead of you with a gnarly mess of traffic behind the trucks.. but a break ahead of them. The Camry immediately moves to the freeway leaving you the rest of the entrance ramp.. You nail it quickly openning up 4-5 car lengths before you move over and hit 4th. Catching the break in traffic, you slide over the remaining lanes easily making the exit. That's when you know why you bought it!
I have the 5 speed and I am driving it in the current Chicago winter and it not a problem. The traction control works well. The car is an absolute blast to drive and I get 23-25 MPG in mixed driving. Great job Ford. 
The fun factor of driving this car is off the charts! The engine, with the cold air intake, is the sweetest sounding engine that you have ever heard with a low, high pitched whistle. Get the seat warmer option and you can drive it with the top down over 40 degrees. I picked it up in Tampa and the 8 hours I spent driving it home was as much fun as a man can have with his clothes on! Handling is superb and the front seats are extremely comfortable with the ability to actually lean your head back on the head rest to prevent fatigue. Very pleased and happy with the purchase a month into the ride. 
I love my Shelby GT. Best car I ever owned so far. It's a pure pleasure to drive and the looks when you go by are really cool.
As a previous Mustang owner on every major model year I just had to purchase one of these. My 07 Stang is very much a V8 sitting in a V6 engine with more tourque and HP than my other GT models in the past. The interior is sporty but very cheap. The seatbelts are out of reach and non adjustable but work fine. The rear leg room is barely enough for my 8 year old, but she loves the rumble and car. Performance wise I feel that Ford should have installed better air flow technology to increase mpg and hp. The rear exhaust really needs to be dual for the pony to breathe better. I did these upgrades and I get 22 mpg city and 28 mpg hwy and run at 245 HP and 250 torque. All in a great car.
We've only had this car for a few months, but it's been fun to drive and always enjoyable to look at in the driveway. No regrets as far as price, especially when you consider other options (vehicles) within the same price range. It's an economy sports car, that must be stated, but it has a nostalgic muscle car look and appeal. 
Bought this car new and sold it after 4 months. Highs------Great looks and fun to drive Lows-----6 cyclinder 4.0 engine is loud and sounds course and unrefined. You almost think that something is wrong with the engine. Dash board rattled after the first week; however I did not take it back thinking it would get worse during the warranty period and be easier to find. 5 Speed manual transmission felt clunky, had a long throw, and seemed hard to get into gear sometimes. Seats looked good but felt like cheap material and I will be suprised if they wear well. Neutral----almost no backseat--but I knew that when I bought it. 
 I have to say how surprised I am, that after owning my Mustang for over six months, I still smile every time I drive it. The looks, the feel, the way it handles, all top notch. 
I had a 1987 Firebird (red, with a 2.8 V6) and kept it for six years. So, 20 years later, here I am with a red V6 car, but a much better one. It's a real beauty, and I'm almost afraid to take it out of the garage, I confess. But I do, and have to avoid just getting in and driving for the sake of driving. 
Best bang for the buck on the market bar none! Pulls good from 0 to 3000 rpm and then the power band kicks in from 3000 to redline and when it shifts into 2nd it really sinks you back into your seat. I have an automatic tranny because of rush hour traffic but if you can shift better than the automatic you should be on tour with the N.H.R.A. I get envious looks and thumbs up on a regular basis .Love the throtty V-8 rumble, great stereo, multi-colored dash,a nd heated leather seats. This car has more aftermarket parts than any other car, cannot wait to add roush supercharger. 
I love the car. this is my third Mustang. my first was a 67 coupe, then a 2001 GT, now this one. I love the color, the performance, the only thing Ford didnt get right is the comfort of the driver. On any drive over an hour or so, the comfort level goes down. I have had 2 warrenty issues with this Mustang. The leather insert on the pass. door had to be replaced, it was not glued on properly. I also had trouble with the rev limiter kicking in to soon in third gear, and sometimes fourth. A flash tuner should fix this issue. Overall I am very pleased with my new stang. I can't wait to up the hp.
Being a Euro car snob I was more than surprised with how much I liked my wife's midlife crisis car. The new Mustangs have everything I always liked about American cars and none of the problems. The convertible is quiet, dry, easy to use, and little buffeting compared to other convertibles. The car handles extremely well, it is very controllable/predictable on the track and well balanced. The power is amazing, but what would I know I used to drive a Fiat. By far the biggest surprise with this car is how comfortable the car is on long trips. I can drive 800 miles and feel great when I get out. So far, I get 18.7 mpg overall which is okay considering the power and automatic transmission.
Just purchased this car after 3 years of deciding wheather to get one. Love the new design and got a great deal, so I went ahead. I have been so pleased with the way this car makes me feel, how it drives and the awesome power at my fingertips. The stereo and some features are great. Love my Emily! 
Having owned 3 of the previous generation Mustangs, in my opinion this was a huge leap forward for the Mustang. For the money, Ford did an excellent job of producing a top end, sporty pony car. The ride and balance is excellent, and the retro look is awesome! Overall quality is very good. This is the best bang for the buck on the market today. For a larger car than previous years, the interior seems smaller - more cramped, but still very comfortable.
Powerful, fast, beautiful vintage design. highly modifyable. Bought Cal Special-redfire metalic, black racing stripes, Rousch front fascia (after being hit by truck tire blowout), Ford Racing Performance handeling kit- lowered 1.5 inches, 3.73 gears, flowmaster mufflers-great v8 Amer muscle mustage growl. Turns heads everywhere. Handles well for Amer car- even better now w/Ford handeling pack installation. Great acceleration & passing power. My Mustang gets so many compliments everywhere i go (especially by older men-60's era Mustang owners, and by kids). Great Car-no problems yet-knock on wood. Great dealership & service support. LOVE driving it. Better than Camero. Very proud to own mustang!
Just bought a new Mustang to get back in her good graces after selling the 64 1/2 that was too dangerous for the family. Wow, the car is great! I can't remember the last time when I bought something and thought it was worth 40-50% more than I paid. Why can't Detroit make more cars like this? I hate buying German but generally they are superior. Lots of fun! A head turner at this price!
I bought my Mustang GT in July and have put a little over 2,000 miles on it. I drive it 3 to 4 times per week and it is a joy each time. We went on a long weekend trip and I actually got 26 mpg in highway driving at 60 mph. I really like the way the exhaust system sounds and the car handles extremely well and has a nice smooth ride. I am reliving being 16, but of course I couldn't afford this type of toy then.
This vehicle is a dream of mine. I had a 82 5.0 and it has just as much or more torque and HP. I got the 5 speed, would recommend if you like that Muscle car feeling (rpm's)! You can push this car to 80 before going into 5th. But I wouldn't recommended all the time it is only .8 seconds slower from 0 to 60 than the GT! The 07 and 08 models are identical, except miner changes. Go buy it if you love Mustangs, I will probably keep this car forever. I got the 17" wheels which is plus, but not necessary. If I had the money I would buy 3 more in different trim levels.
I bought my 2007 V6 Coupe three months ago.After a couple of weeks the brake warning light,loss of traction light,computer display reads brake fluid level low,and the traction control system turns itself on and off.Ive had it in the dealership three times now.The first time was for 4 days,didnt fix it,the second time was for two weeks,didn't fix it.Third time I made it into the dealership they hooked it up to the diagnostic machine and the service manager says he'll call me as soon as he compares the results to another 07.Three weeks go by,all the while I am calling him,he doesn't return my calls so I contact Ford directly.They bring in an expert.Its been there a week.They still have not call
EPA est are way off!! I get 19.2-20.5 MPG with my V-8 manual The only problem I've had was the driver's side seat leather prematurely cracked, but the Ford fixed it under warranty. I like this car much better than my Trans Am! 
My daily commute was killing me in gas expenses for driving my Dakota pickup. So, I wanted something that would get much better gas mileage yet something that was fun to drive. As a teenager, I came close to buying a family friend's 1964-1/2 Mustang, but it never happened. Even though I had a 1986 Corvette for a few years, owning a Mustang was something I always wanted to do. Now, at age 54, I've gone and done it... and, so far, it's been one heck of a fun ride! Good gas mileage, more power than I'll ever use, and a thousand different dress-ups and accessories out there on eBay, just for the Mustang! The possibilities seem endless.
Just bought my '07 Mustang, Coupe Deluxe, 6 cyl, 5 speed manual transmission and am having a blast toolin' around my part of the world. The 6 cyl with stick is awesome and handles great! For anyone concerned about comfort and space, I'm 6'2" and have lots of room in the driver's seat. Let my business associate, who was an auto claims adjuster for a dozen years and who knows cars, drive it today and thought I would never get the keys back. All the positive things in previous reviews are true so I won't be redundant. Ford definitely got it right with this current version of the Mustang. Thank God! Get one!
I have been driving a 2001 GT convertible for a few years and fell in love with the new model once I saw the design, however, the design is only the tip of the iceberg. This is a much better car than the SN95 version, it's faster, the transmission doesn't feel like a pickup's, my girlfriend can push down the clutch, and it's no longer a rattlebox. The car keeps pulling through 4th gear, and doesn't feel like you're inside of a B-17's nacelle over Germany like the old one did. This is a very comfortable car and no longer feels like the boy racer my 2001 was. That was a very solid car, but the new model is in a new class, it's a grown-up's car that makes you feel like you're 16.
I am totally pleased and surprised by my new 2007 Mustang V6 coupe! For a V6, this car has a nice throaty sound, and the power is better than I expected with a V6. It easily attains (and uhhh...surpasses) freeway speeds. It handles very well too -- I love to take fast curves and so does this car. I am a large gal, so obviously I questioned whether or not this car would be spacious enough. I am pleased to report that not only is there enough room for me in the driver's seat but there is also sufficient room for my equally large daughter to sit in the back seat. In short, I highly recommend the 2007 V6 Mustang.
I have owned this car since it had 189 miles on. It is fun to drive. I have tuned the suspension, shifter, and air intake. It is pretty fast. Handling is much better afte the suspension upgrade. I would buy again once the kids have left home. 
Owned my 2007 Premium Mustang 2 months now, and love it. Gas mileage city is 18-19 mpg and trip around 25 mpg. Love the retro look - for at my age, I can remember all the previous Mustangs thus far and wanted one since the early 70's. Didn't need the V8. Plenty of speed with the V6. Hoping to keep it for 20+ years. Time will tell. ive in the Northeast and think I'll have to store it for the winter and buy a clunker to slop around in.
There is not much that I can about this car that is not positive. I only have one complaint. The mp3 player jack being inside the console. I have to slip the cord out of the console to put my player in the cup holder and the cord gets cut sometimes. Other than that, this car is everything I ever dreamed about as a kid when my Dad promised to get me my first Mustang only to come home with a new truck for himself. The drive and handling is amazing. The interior is roomy and comfortable. Shifting is smooth. Pick up is amazing for a 6. Nice throaty sound. A real eye catcher. Everyone compliments my car, even the cop who gave me my last ticket. 
I first saw a Ford Mustang when I was 16 in 1964 at the Bowen Scharff Ford dealership. Now at 59 and the new retro style of the Mustang I finally bought one. I really like how it looks and sounds. I was torn between the convertible and coupe, but in Washington, we get a lot of rain. I immediatley loaded the CD player with 60's music. My wife and I really enjoy driving this car and plan on getting a vanity license plate, first time we have ever done something like that. It is great! 16 again in Bonney Lake
Purchased a 2002 Mustang GT for the wife and wound up driving it myself as our family grew. Just replaced the 2002 at 96K miles with only changing tires, oil.. etc. New Mustang goes beyond the '02 quality. Styling is excellent, and you can tell the engineers put a lot of time into this vehicle. Expecting to have the same success with the '07 as with the '02
Got 150000 miles on my 96 Mustang. Finally got new one month ago, my wife wanted orange convert. but i talked her into alloy hardtop. The top is one of my favorite things about it. The back looks like 70, the windshield is flat sleek. I want to keep it all stock except for cold air intake. Pony package a must on V6, biggest rims ever on V6 mustang! It feels solid. I had very good luck with my 96, I plan on driving it to 200000. My wife plans on storing it for the winter. If it's as good as my other one I'll be happy.
I love this car! I get looks and comments everywhere from total strangers and they all love the design and performance. Vista blue is an awesome color with the white stripe. Fit and finish is great. I test drove a Solstice, Pontiac G6, and a Mitsubishi Spyder convertible. This car blows them all away and is cheaper to boot. It also has a trunk that's pretty darn large and a back seat that is adequate. I am getting between 21 and 25 mpg and have plenty of power.
I find everything about this vehicle is very well done. From the V6 engine to the morphing of the classic Mustang design and a 21st century design. Very fun to drive
High performance, better than average fuel economy. Still a tight package on the interior, needs a little more shoulder and hip room. Handling is very good. Plenty of power on tap when you need it.
Incredibly fun to drive and comfortable. Acceleration is exhilirating and stopping performance is above expectations!
Wow, what an excellent car. I have owned nothing but Dodges in the past, this is my first Ford product ever. The acceleration is great. This car has no rattles, and feels tight, not wet noodle sloppy like some brands do when the road turns from smooth to choppy. I special ordered the GT deluxe, and added the leather seats upgrade which saved me about $600 over the GT premium version. the stock 4 speaker stereo CD player in the GT deluxe is more than enough for me. I felt the shaker 500 stereo standard in the GT premium wasnt worth the extra money. You can buy one off the lot, or special order mix n match options or colors to your liking. plus there's many aftermarket parts to make it your own.
Just purchased a new 2007 Mustang for my son. We opted for the V-6 Pony because the insurance for a 16-year-old was more than the monthly payment on the car. The car is beautiful. Fit and finish are perfect. So far we have had no problems. Power is OK and fuel economy is very good. Ride is surprisingly compliant, yet firm. No body roll. 
I purchased this car as a toy, since it is my second driver. Overall I am pleased with the vehicle but not overwhelmed by it. However, I am a performance junky so now stock car is ever good enough. For the money I feel that it is one of the best, sports car buys out there. But with cheap price some sacrifices must me made. I feel the interior could stand to have some increased quality parts and the back seat needs to be a bit larger. Average MPG is good for a V8 at about 22 MPG, in mixed driving. My last toy was a Mitsu EVO 8. As far as looks the Mustang wins hands down, but in the performance dept. the EVO dominates.
When my BMW Z3 M Coupe was destroyed in a fire, I decided to go with the Mustang because the insurance money almost covered the entire cost. My last Mustang was a '91 and obviously, the 2007 is vastly better. The ride is comfortable and fun and the engine delivers. Dont go expecting true sports-car performance though. The Stang drives like an American car, despite Ford's best efforts. Engine response remains slightly sluggish and handling is a bit wobbly. That said, you wont find better performance or looks for a comparable price anywhere, so some compromise is in order.
Less than 1000 miles, but I'm impressed. Wanted a fun to drive car and for less than 27K very happy. Have the big wheels and a few more options including the interior upgrade package. Deffinitely handles and feels more like a muscle car than sports car. Tough choice between 2.9 financing and cash back incentives. Suprised at how smooth the ride is. 
This is my first new car, and I must say that I made an excellent decision on buy a Ford Mustang. The car is great to drive if its only going to work.
I just bought a 2007 Mustang V6, which is my first new car and a serious step up from my old beater. I absolutely love the way it looks and it's a blast to drive. The interior looks great and is very comfortable, with only 2 exceptions. Having a manual tranny, I find the cupholders are not very good, and the car really need an overhead handle on the passenger side. Other than that the car is great. It's fun to drive, looks great and is still resonably roomy for a sports car.
Awesome car, completely satisfied! I would recommend this car to anyone who is looking for great performance and classic stlye at an affordable price.
This is the most fun I have had driving a car. Good fuel economy for its class and no lack of power. Premium package has great features and very comfortable. 
I bought my GT 6 months ago and have already put 10,000 miles on it. It's a very fun and surprisingly comfortable daily driver. It looks good, goes very fast, sounds great, and can cruise on the highway "sipping" gas too. It's still in great shape, minus a few scratches from being driven thru the winter and it's an overall great car.
When they stopped making the Trans Ams in 2002 I never thought I'd get the sport convertible I always wanted. Then the new body style Mustangs came out in '05 and I secretly craved one for my driveway. After biting the bullet and admitting that I loved this Ford despite it being a Ford, I've got one. It is an amazing ride, and there is nothing like the feel of the wind blowing through your hair at 80 MPH on the interstate. Watch out though! It's very easy to just keep right on accelerating and never even notice. I had it up to 100 and it felt just as smooth and sturdy as at 65. Overall, the Mustang is a good buy.
I have checked mileage twice with my 4 cylinder 2.3. I get 28MPG. I do not tow anything and use my truck as everyday trip around town.It rides great drives great and so far excellent service. Would highly recommend.I did my homework before buying comparing to Chevrolet,Toyota.This Ranger beat them all hands down. Love my Ranger. 
The compact size for parking ease, great old-school styling, reliability and 4.0 V6 power are the major features that caused me to buy the Ranger over the competitors. I have not been disappointed, after 32,000 miles and 3 years I'd buy it again. I manage to get 16 city and 22 highway by being careful and using cruise control when I can. More than enough power for heavy loads and towing.
I'm an assistant ranger at a Boy Scout camp. We do a lot of work and rely on good trucks. This Ranger is the best truck we've ever had, great little workhorse. Does everything that our F-150 and Silverado can do, and is better off-road, especially on hiking trails in the woods. I've hauled trash, lumber, dirt, gravel, stone, concrete, tools, trailers, boats, even another truck. In 3 years it's gotten pretty beat up at camp, but I'm confident it will last for many more years, then we'll buy another one. Starts up every time, 4wd is great on dirt roads, engine gives just enough power, and it just drives and works like a bigger truck. Love this Ranger!
The greatest thing about the Ranger is it just flat out works. Yes there are other newer trucks out there, but for the money it is hard to get any better than the Ranger. I have had no problems with it.
I've owned 2 Rangers do far and loved both. Bought my 07 with 250 miles on it, and have put 38,000 miles on it with out a single issue. I would buy another Ranger at the drop of a hat. My Ranger gets 22 miles per gallon, only after some aftermarket parts, but I love it!
I bought this truck used. I had a 1991 Ranger that was pretty worn out and would finally start needing some repairs so I bought this one. Previously a fleet vehicle I was impressed with all that I got for 11,500 dollars. XL truck, but with 5 speed auto, and 4.10 axle ratio, extras were A/C (necessary in Ohio) and an under-rail bed liner. It had a little over 18000 miles on it. I work in a scrap yard and needed a solid truck. That's just what I got with fuel economy averaging 23-28mpg combined city/highway. Drives like a bigger truck and so quick too; especially for a four cyl. engine. Much stronger than my 1991's 2.3liter. No serious rattles, and white so scratches are not an issue.
I have the 2.3l 5spd standard and I love driving it. It has good take off for a 4 cylinder truck. I have 21,000 miles on it and the only time it see the shop is for its regular oil changes. I get well over 34 miles to the gallon. Overall I like this truck and to think I was going to buy a Cavalier 
I'll be completely honest here! I have a bare bones 2007 ford Ranger no AC, no CD, no tilt, no power anything, and 5 speed. I love it! I commuted about 50-60 km a day each way so roughly 100- 120 a day km and I still only fuel up about every 5-6 days! I'm not talking babying it down the road, I'm talking about putting my foot down and opening it up.I do my regular oil changes and tire rotation and one year and about 25,000 kms later is has yet to fail me! Again I'll be honest, you want power and size in a small truck? Get a Dakota. If you want reliablity and wicked MPG definitely get a Ranger. 
I have owned several Rangers and this is by far my favorite. It is an XLT w/foglamps. The four cylinder performed just fine on a trip to Corpus Christi. Averaged 25 mpg for the trip. Around town I always see 19-20 mpg.
Peppy 4 cylinder, suspension stiff which is OK by me, great gas mileage (avg 28, 30+ highway), drive a lot of dirt roads and no rattles after 10k. Old design, but smallness helps with gas mileage. Seats are great but I'm 5'8". Ride height good. I'll keep it until I die (am 56). I'm a Ford family.
This was my father and I's first pickup truck and overall we are pretty satisfied. It's a decent size, good off-road cap, good quality, reliable, good-looking, and fun to drive. The only thing i have a problem with is the gas mileage. During the winter i averaged about 13.7 City and 18.5 highway and during the summer about 15.7 city and 20.3 highway. This could be better. 
This is my 2nd Ranger, 1st was a '95 4.0 STX. I like the extra room in the super cab and overall styling, but not the performance. 18 mpg highway (and I drive easy) and no low end hp or torque. My '95 was 10 times better in low gear off road and got 23+mpg to boot. I don't feel the extra hp (47) from the new engine and gas mileage flat out stinks for a V6 of this size. I've got friends with big diesels that get almost the same mileage with twice the performance! As stated by Edmunds, the truck's strong point is off-road, so why give it an engine that produces it's power above 3,500 rpm?! Have had no mechanical/service issues with the truck in the first year of ownership.
I love the way this truck rides and handles. It can take a beating and the 4x4 is something you need, especially in New England winters. I've gotten as high as 25.6 mpg in the summer. It's preety good on gas for a 4.0 v-6 compared to other competitors 4.0's. I reccomend this truck for some one that want a truck that can get low to moderate jobs done.
I got it to save fuel. It gets 24 to 29.5. Most of the time I get over 26.5. Runs out good,rides good and handles great. Only holds 4 quarts of oil. Saves money going and coming. 
Very reliable so far, comfortable, plenty of power for hauling yet easy to park. Decent gas mileage getting 16/22 better than advertised.
My new Ranger has been in the shop 13 times in one year - 7 times in the past 2 months-Only has 15,000 km. Problems started first month-serious clunking in the steering in mid-turn & when accelerating from stop.Inner Tie rod ends have been replaced 4 times in 2 monthsc- last ones were Ford's new/improved ones, as a result of TS Bulletins and serious problems. Also had intermediate shaft replaced twice and lower steering shaft once. Finally no clunking - only been a week - I am wary. Dealer told me several other owners have the same problem. Ford avoiding a recall? In my mid-40s, owned 28 vehicles all makes...never had such an unreliable piece of metal in the driveway (and I am a Ford fan). 
Just past the "One Year of Ownership" mark, and all's well. In that time, my Ranger has yet to so much as rattle, and this despite 22K L.A. miles in a single year. As I've stated in my earlier reviews, by 2007 truck standards, my Ranger borders on "antique." Literally every other truck on the market rides more smoothly, get better gas mileage and provides greater and more cleverly packaged interior spaces. That said however, few offer Ranger's total combo of rugged styling, "just right" size and seemingly military- spec durability. For those desiring a classic, comfortable little truck, adeptly able to tackle your basic chores without busting your bank account; Ranger's still #1. 
It's been close to a year now and 10,000 miles, with no problems at all. With the 4.0 and automatic I just got 22mpg on a recent trip, regularly getting 16 around town. That's not bad for as much power as it has. Handles like a truck, not a car, and that's how a truck should handle. 
I bought the FX4 because of the rugged look. It's a fun truck to drive but gets horrible gas mileage. Then again what do you expect with 31' tires and 4.10 gears.
I needed a new vehicle for driving to work and back and decided to get a lower cost pickup so I could haul stuff if I needed to. This little truck feels bigger than it is and runs great. I have averaged 29 mpg just driving it around the area and to work and back and have gotten as high as 36 mpg on longer highway/freeway trips. I can't complain about anything in this vehicle. 
Third Ranger and love this truck. FX4 option well woth the price. Great off road and good in town. Interior is perfect for a off road truck. 
Nearly 16,000 miles on my 07' Sport Supercab, and all's well. Even after that many (abusive L.A.) miles in only 7 months, my truck has yet to so much as rattle! Without any exaggeration, it feels as though this truck was assembled for military duty; so perfect"is the build quality. Granted it's still the most dated appliance in its genre, but certainly that 1,000 years of production history has served to iron out any bugs from the system. For anybody looking for a classic compact truck, without pretense, of just right"size and certainly impeachable build quality - Ranger warrants a solid look. 
I originally picked up this Ranger FX4 Level ll because of price. All the foreign trucks were considerally more expensive. I have a feeling this is an American website, so I hope you can relate. It is completely loaded with leather, power everything, A/C, six-disk changer, a class three trailer hitch, bed liner and something Ford calls "Wear and Tear Package". Essentialy this truck can be returned with up to $3500 damage at the end of the lease for which I can walk away from having to pay. All for $361. a month taxes in for three years. Hell, they're giving these trucks away. And this truck looks absolutely awesome 
Overall not a bad truck. Great off-road with the limited slip differential. Manual trans does well with no slippage. Body is okay but a little to much plastic for my personal liking.
I recently brought a Ford Ranger Fx4 level 2 due to its low price and standard options on the vehicle. My experience with this truck it ain't great. After 2 weeks of driving, the wheel alignment was off, battery died have to get it boost. The truck is a gas guzzler. It doesn't provide a lot of power, throttle response is very slow. Bottom line, the truck isnt worth buying. Ford commercial looks good on TV, but where they get you is when you purchase their vechicle.
This is my second Ranger and I am very pleased with my past experience (1993) and my recent purchase. These trucks are tough and well built. My 93 never left me beside the road. I gave it to a family member and they are still driving it every day. Thanks Ford, I love my Ranger! 
3 months, 6,500 miles and all's well! Thus far my Ranger's been as regular and reliable as an atomic clock, and L.A. traffic what is; I drive the heck out of my little truck. I still couldn't imagine myself in any other vehicle - Ranger's "perfect fit" size, tossable handling, excellent ergonomics and (so far) bullet-proof quality make this truck a clear winner for me! While far from the most modern or refined choice on the market, for anyone looking for a "real" and wholly usable little pick-up that, well equipped, won't break the bank - Ranger certainly warrants a look. 
Purchased as a no frills work truck package. Love the dark grey color. It sits high so I can see above the traffic. I love this truck and its American soul. It drives like a truck, it sounds like a truck, it handles like a truck. I wouldn't have it any other way.
I am very pleased with my Ranger. It easy and fun to drive and I really like the styling. The suspension is firm but not harsh and the steering response is excellent with good feedback. The automatic transmission's shifts are smooth and precise. The I4 engine has plenty of power and has no problem keeping up with 75 mph traffic. The ABS provides excellent straight line stops. The instrumentation is laid out well and all of the controls are within easy reach. The cloth bench seat is comfortable with good support. Fit and finish on my Ranger is good. There are no rattles or squeaks and wind noise at 75 mph is low. The fuel mileage is good at 26 mpg in combined street/highway driving
I got the 2 door SuperCab XL about three months ago. The Ranger is really not that bad a truck for the price. My biggest complaint would be that something has come loose between the headliner and the trim on the right side of the truck, and it makes a buzzing sound right in my left ear. I'm gonna have the dealership take a look at this. I think the interior could use some more attention to detail, too. This truck has SEVEN different intermittent settings for the windshield wipers, but has exposed bolts holding the radio/fan control console onto the dash. Do we really need seven different wiper speeds? That aside, the truck really runs well and the gas mileage is great.
I need both a commuter vehicle and something I could haul things with and found the perfect vehicle to do both. This truck gives me great gas mileage while allowing me to do the numerous weekend chores that require a pickup bed. The 2.3L engine is responsive and well suited for a vehicle of this weight. The 5 speed manual tranny adds a bit of fun as well. The price was very reasonable, under $13,000 with A/C. Great value.
I special ordered this truck with all the options I wanted. I waited about 6 weeks for it to come in. After a few weeks I noticed light spots in the paint on the cab sides while in direct sunlight. I did not notice this before since it had been overcast. The problem was pretty bad so I let warranty handle it. Now, the metallic in the paint does not match. The dealer and Ford think this is acceptable and not noticeable but everyone else notices it without me pointing it out. Now, I have a new truck that I do not even want. The dealers response is that is the best the paint match will be. No more Fords for me. I am considering taking a hit and buying another product. I am extremely hacked off.
Purchased 4 cylinder with automatic 07 Ranger based in part on positive reviews. Found truck to have poor build quality with little support from Ford. Makes excessive vibration from exhaust and very loud transmission whine in low gear. Dealer and Ford customer relations say this is normal for this type vehicle. Vehicle in shop 4 times within first month of ownership. Paint on tail gate and bed sides has large metallic runs. Door out of alignment. Ford fix for exhaust vibration is to install clamped on weight on exhaust pipe aft of converter. Fixed door alignment problem. I'm afraid to have paint work fixed as the color won't match. Buyers, better due your due diligence before purchase. 
Purchased 4 cylinder with automatic. Idle is very rough with vibration through steering wheel. Returned to dealer 2 times. Dealer said motor mounts and exhaust needed alignment. No help. Checked this vehicle against other similar vehicle at dealer and found other vehicle to be smoother. When idle increased 25 to 50 RPM, smooths out to normal. Dealer says Idle can not be adjusted. Had several 4 cylinder vehicles and all idle smooth. Dealer says that's the way Rangers are, it can not be fixed. Looks like I am stuck with rough running new vehicle. Should have purchased Japanese. 
I love this small truck. My first tank of gas got 31mpg. My second tank got 34mpg. With a $14,100 drive out price it's a great deal.
Just purchased my shiny new Ranger Sport Supercab this past Sunday. Traded in a Mercury Sable for what'll be my third Ranger - and hopefully not my last! Mine is well equipped with the power package, tilt/cruise, 6CD, etc. Certainly there exists, and I could have chosen, a roomier, more powerful and even more efficient truck, but few of these (if any) would have offered Ranger's combination of just-right sizing, proven safety, and long term durability. For me, for the money, and for the long haul, Ranger fits like a pair of old shoes. Trading in my second one a few years back was about the stupidest thing I ever did, and I couldn't be more elated to once again own my "dream truck." 
I have always wanted a small truck with great looks as well as guts. When I saw the 2007 Ford Ranger I fell in love. It does everything you need it to do and more. I was looking around at other trucks to haul my bikes and things. The 3.0 V6 option is worth it! It's great on gas and performance and is fun to drive. 
I am sure I'm one of the select few who have "traded down" from a 2006 Tacoma to a 2007 Ranger. My brief 2.7 5M SR5 Taco experience included two trips to the dealer for a bad rear end (in which the whole "pumpkin" was replaced) and two trips for a clutch/shift problem that wasn't resolved. The Tacoma is vastly over-rated. My 4x4 was bone jarring on the road, had no torque, shifted like a bucket of bolts, and got just 20-21 mpg. But so much for Yota bashing. My 2.3L XLT gets GREAT mileage (31 mph), shifts smoothly, and has enough power to get up about any hill without downshifting. Yep, the platform is dated, but it still looks good, works hard and is really worth what you pay. 
Ok i admit it I love big trucks. In fact I almost bought a Sierra work truck for $11,900 this summer but couldn't get past the 17 mpg I'd be getting. So I went to the Ford Dealer and looked at the Rangers. I bought an XLT long bed 4 cylinder 5 speed model and it's been great. Great on gas, great on performance and great on usefulness. The 2.3 liter motor is torqued down well and the size of the bed for a compact truck is great. A real 7 foot long bed tops Toyota and Chevy. The exterior of the Ranger is a timeless well executed design. It is a truck so you do feel bumps, however tooling around town getting 28 mpg is fine with me. The inside is nothing new but there has been some updates.
I bought this truck to haul motorcycles and go camping in the deep woods. This truck is a little monster and is capable of outperforming some of the larger full-size pickups when it comes to off-roading due to its smaller size and lighter weight. The larger wheels, Torsen rear-end, 4 wheel drive, and Bilstein shocks make this truck fun to drive. It performs well in the city as well. It can get between 250 and 400 miles on city or highway roads. It drives really smooth on the highway. The interior and exterior styling is excellent and I would recommend getting the Pioneer sound system as the stock radio and speakers are a little weak. Overall, an excellent truck for the adventurer.
We just bought this vehicle and I must say it is much more stylish than some of the previous years...love the new front. The inside is a little narrow widthwise. Headroom is just okay. Plenty of leg room. Wish seats in the extended cab were standard. Very cute little truck...hope it lasts a good while. Ford does offer an undercoating for rust protection for $299 but I elected not to get it. I would recommend this truck over Chevy, Dodge, GMC, etc. It is not a bad value for the price. The dark gray looks very sporty.
I love it! It is so smooth and easy to drive that you forget how fast it is until you notice the other traffic disappearing behind you. Despite its power and acceleration it gets better gas mileage than a lot of less capabile cars. The brakes are always strong and I haven't caused them to fade yet. The distinctive good looks and exhust sound cause people to look at you as you cruise through the parking lot. You also get to meet a lot of new people that like cars. It seems that everyone that likes cars is drawn to the GT500. 
I love this car. I owned 4 others over the years. This is one great car. I have to be careful because you don't realize your doing 80 or better while tooling along. We took a trip to Vegas in her and she cruised along like a dream. I don't know to say but this little red is a keeper.
I have owned this Shelby since Nov 06. I just love to drive it and hear the whine of the supercharger. I have a cold air kit and tune installed and it really woke up the performance of this car. I've also had it on track in Sebring Florida driver's school. It was a blast to drive.I get 16 MPG in town and 21 HWY at eighty. Had some clutch issues that Ford fixed. So far this is the most fun car I have ever owned. There are plenty of aftermarket parts to dress up your pony car the way you like it. And if you want more power, add a different supercharger.
I am 62 and it is the most fantastic car that I have owned. There is no equal. I have done several upgrades to the hp. it sounds fantastic and its speed is exciting.
Have owned several convertibles - 05 Vette was my last. The Shelby is just more fun. When you mash the pedal to the floor - it just plain hauls. Smokey burnouts at will - and will lay rubber at any speed in 1st gear. The ridgity of the car could be better but it not as bad as some of the expert reviews state. The car lacks some of the bells and whistles of the Vette but who cares if you have to turn the lights on & off. As far as the wow factor goes - its high. Lots of thumbs up and questioning admirers. I think for 10-15K less than the Vette its a steal.
I was one of a few owners that had a complete engine failure at 211 miles. It has been the greatest Mustang I have ever owned. I have entered it into 3 shows taking 2 thirds and one first place. It is a real head turner and eats Corvettes!
Love the power and all the attention I get with this car. Having the name Shelby just explains it. The ride is quite comfortable for a muslce car. Paid over MSRP with no regrets. Absolutely incredible rush driving it, even at the speed limit. I want to be selfish and not recommend it to you because it will only be more prestigious for us to own. 
I waited for a year, I love it, I rated the reliability high so I hope it lives up to it. I used to own a Boss 302, they don't even compare, the Shelby is fast, and it feels great. The rear suspension could be better, it hops a little on rough roads. The six speed Tremec is smooth shifting, but the clutch is tough. It lets out just a little late for me, hopefully it can be adjusted. Great car, great look. Thank you Carroll, for another great American car.
This is a very quick car and is very much fun to drive. The car handles well and is good on gas if driven without flooring it. The workmanship is very good. I have not had any problems with mine, just a lot of fun. The car is hard to hook up in first or second gear but different tires could make the difference.
Previosly owned 6-7 Vettes ('73-'95), plus early 70s Formula Firebirds and late 70s Trans Ams. While powerful, only the 73 Corvette 454 big block matched up w/ the Shelby GT 500. Both are breathtaking. The Shelby far outclasses the early-mid 90s Vettes. I traded a 2007 GT/CS for the Shelby. The GT's straight-line performance pales against all of the aforementioned muscle cars. Groused about paying the $10K over sticker premium, but now have zero regrets about price. The Shelby GT 500 is a legitimate $60K ride that is docile until you light the fuse. This is quite simply the best car I've ever owned. If you want your heart to pound the way it did at 21, this is the ticket. 
Have had a great time driving this car. Horsepower is incredible and handling is much better than I expected. Have had no problems so far, gas mileage has been in the high teens - but who cares! A well designed car - good job Ford, another winner in a great Mustang heritage.
Have had my Shelby for over 3 months. The car has 3,000 miles and she has gone to the shop about every 400 miles - blown radiator hose, replace tracking sensor, engine check light, etc. My father bought an Edsel. I believe this car is its reincarnation. Maybe someday I will get the bugs completely worked out of this car. Ford could have done a better job of quality control. This is the one and only Ford I ever intend to own in my lifetime.
If you have one of these beasts, you fall in love with it at first sight and it just gets better after that. Performance is next to none. Comparisons with the Z06 are a joke as this car's collector's status will be here long after the Z06's are in the junk yard. I was literally blown away by the power this thing generates right off the assmbly line. I can't imagine what some after market mod's will do. I was one of the lucky ones who got mine at MSRP, but I can tell you that even at 1$0-15K over, I think it's worth the investment.
This is the car that only Ford and Carroll Shelby could build. It has the head turning good looks from the mid sixties Shelbys and the refinements of today's suspension and safety features all rolled into a package that is amazing!
The car is everything I thought it would be and more. I was surprised by the amount over invoice I had to pay. Horsepower, handling, 0-60 its all good. No remorse whatsoever about the car. 
Waited 19 months to get this car. This car is one of the fastest cars I have ever driven. I would also like more rumble through the mufflers so I'm in the process of fixing that. The satellite radio is sweet with the 1000 watt Shaker system.The handling is real smooth and the braking is number one! BillyRay says if you get a chance to own a Carroll Shelby land rocket...BUY ONE. Because in 20 years 0 to 60 in 4.5 will still be fast...hold on!
I am 53 years old and owned older Mustang muscle cars in the 60's and 70's but nothing like this car. When the TCS system is disengaged, the raw horsepower is frightening. You better be ready for what's about to happen when you step on it. It's hard to drive it and not put your foot in it every time you stop and take off again. I've never ridden on the space shuttle but I can't imagine the rush being any greater!
Bought this car for a little over msrp. I have been lucky enough to own several true sports cars in my life from all the major brands. This car is a blast from 0 to 60. But when the new wears off, the interior looks just like Mustang GT and the build quality is not what it should be. I think the Shelby team should have spent a little more time on the interior and fit and finish to make this a 10 out of 10. Also Ford dealers are trying to charge way to much over msrp for this car. 
I paid msrp for my Vista Blue GT500. It was worth if. I have a SVT Cobra and didn't buy this car because of the Shelby name. I have always want to see what a SC 4V 5.4l would do in a Mustang. My car will not be a garage queen. I picked my car up in MI and drove it 1600 miles back to FL in 19 hours. Only gripe was the car is to quiet. Didn't sound like a Mustang should. Very fun; can't wait until more parts come out and we start seeing the GT500 putting down 500-600 rwhp.
I ordered mine in June and just received it last week. When I first saw this two years ago in New York I knew I had to have one. It is everything I hoped it would be and more. Can not fully explain feeling I had when I saw it for the very first time on the back of the car carrier that brought her to dealership. The acceleration that this car has is probably comparable to being on the space shuttle. It pushes you back into your seat and you remain there until you let up. I have yet to fully open her up. It drives so smooth, takes corners with precision, accelerates quickly and effortlessly. Driving it on smooth roads at 80mph feels like 40mph. Always wanted to own a Shelby, dream come true. 
First for the naysayers I put on just a few miles then went straight to the chassis dyno. How does 460+hp & 445lb ft of tq @ rear wheels sound? That's PURE stock, not a single change from stock. Same dyno a very healthy 426 Hemi made 310hp @ wheels; that's 150+ rwhp over a HEMI! Nothing short of incredible overall. I would take this car over 2 Z06's. Fit & finish is SUPERB! Paint is the nicest I have ever seen on an American car & I am a body man/painter. Not a single complaint. Minor mods put these cars in the 10's in 1/4 mile. Braking & handling are also nothing short of incredible. 60-0 110ft. A very nice chassis with too many changes over standard Mustang GT to mention. 
I traded in my Z06 for this car and paid way over sticker. Thought at the time I had to have it. Shame on Ford for letting dealers charge way more than msrp for the car. That's what is wrong with Ford and why no one wants to get ripped off by them. Save some money and get a Vette or wait for the price to drop.
Upon hearing the hp rating and performance numbers I expected this car to ride slightly better than a go-kart. I was pleasantly surprised at how smooth the ride was and the "tameness" of 500 horses with normal driving.
I paid quite a bit over sticker for this baby... nice car, but for the price, well... There's nothing wrong with the car itself. It's a great car, just pricey. It drives nicely, a bit front-heavy, but its straight-line performance is amazing.
 Had 36K mi when bought and in like new condition. Rough handling on most Ohio roads, but good on improved roads. If I featherfoot it the fuel economy is unbelievable. 24 local/27 mixed/and 32 highway. Roomy interior and trunk. It is nicer than my '98 Sable but cheaper looking inside. The only problem I had was replacing the bolts on the subframe assembly. Ohio roads, go figure. Best feature was the price, $10,800 over 15 months ago. I even Carfaxed to see why and that came up clean.
I don't know why edmunds complain. I love my ford taurus. I had a 1998 ford taurus and got almost 200,000 miles on it before I bought my 07 ford taurus. My son now drives my old one. No problems. The ride is smooth,it responds quickly, and the style inside and out are as up to date as any 07 models. 
I drive this car for work purposes. I work for the government. I am pleasantly surprised by how well this car rides and handles. I like the looks as well. My personal car is a 2006 Mercedes Benz E350. Handling and performance-wise, this Ford is almost on par with the Merc. It does not have the 6 CD changer or the real walnut trim, but the ride and handling are very good, and in the end, that's what matters.
Purchased this to replace a 1990 Mercury Sable my daughter totaled. My son has a 2006 ex-Hertz Taurus that has been flawless. Bought the 2007 from Hertz, less than 30k miles for less than $10k with a 7 year, 100k mile warranty. My friends who spent nearly $30k on Camry's and Accords are shocked at how well it stacks up to their cars, and cry when they realize I bought Taurus' for $10k than their one car. Cheaper to insure too, and should be cheaper to fix too when repairs are necessary. Averaging 22 mpg overall, hit 27 on a road trip. I hear trannies can be an issue, but with the Ford warranty, it won't be my headache until after 100k miles. 
I don't know why everyone doesn't buy one of these. They're the best value on the market right now. I've always driven Camrys but for about half the price of a new Camry I can have a larger, safer car that's very reliable and probably cheaper to fix when things do go wrong. Don't get me wrong, this is a very basic car without the fun factor of an Accord or Acura but if you're just trying to get to work every day, get groceries or take a weekend trip, this baby will start and get you there every time and with a fair degree of comfort and safety. These babies show up in bunches at local dealers from the rental companies and they sell quickly. Go get one and save ten grand.
In Dec of 07 I purchased a used 2007 Ford Taurus from a Ford dealer. In Dec. of 08 the transmission went and the dealer tells me the warranty has expired. 2 years old & 44,000 mi and I have to pay for a new tranny. My mechanic tells me that the factory tranny in this car is not good. Either way I suggest the extended warranty. 
This car reminds me some of the 1991 Ford Thunderbird just more style. It drives great. Rides well. Very comfortable. Great look. I couldn't ask for anything better. I am very happy with my car. I think my favorte thing about it is the fact is large and fancy looking, for a large family car I feel it has a lot of style. And charm.
This is an all round great car that you can enjoy for a great price. I bought mine nearly new for $12,000. I get almost 30 MPG on the highway and about 19 MPG in the city, not bad for a fairly large car. I have driven the Ford Taurus for many years as a rental car and have always been impressed by both its comfort and dependability. The car goes great in the snow. This is a perfect family or work car if you are not hung up on the latest styles. 
I've always owned Chevrolets, Hondas, or Toyotas. However, we bought our Taurus because it was practical. It seats five or six, the kids have plenty of room, and it has a decent motor size. I love the interior and how it looks inside, but I hate how it looks on the outside. Despite it's beautiful color, it still reminds me of a flat tire. It gets 30 mpg, but only 22 mpg if you like breaking the speed limit. It will eventually grow on me, but I just hate how ugly it is. When I'm in it, I love it-just don't make me look ate it!
I replaced a Buick Regal. This 07 Taurus the worst handling car I have ever owned. It drives horribly. Terrible understeer. Transmission is a real dog. Shifts are delayed either slowing down or speeding up. Yes I know it is an automatic but this transmission is bad. My 83 Escort drove and handled better than this 07. 
My wife has a 2002 Taurus and loved it. We traded it for a vehicle for my business. We had an opportunity to get another one and we love it thus far. I'm sad to see this body style go. (Whatever happened to the customer always being right?) We really like the leather interior. Easy to cleanup with small kids. Lots of room in the rear seats.
I bought this car because of its low price, great warranty and looks. It has the alloy rims, spoiler, console option and power seat. Maroon color is nice and everyone loves it. Drives like an expensive car. It had 30k. Seat could use some lumbar support, after long drives my back hurts. I traded in my 2005 Chevy Malibu for the Taurus, no regrets so far! 
I bought this car and traded my 98 Neon and I love it! It gets almost the same gas mileage the Neon did and has more hp. 
I once owned a Taurus back in 1983 and it was crap! But one look at my 2007 SEL model and I really liked it. I drive it every chance I get and commute in it. It is quiet, smooth and gets 30 mpg highway! I like the interior as it is comfortable and semi luxurous. Sound system is really good (mach) version and performance is real good for this size of car. I hope to get lots of miles out of this car and after a few tweaks it should be a real nice ride. Oh and best of all it only cost 11,200 now that is smokin
There are enough bells and whistles for convenience. Too bad there's only 153hp under the hood! Rides great on smooth highways -- jittery on any thing less or in heavy crosswinds. Handles OK but somewhat ponderous for parking and around town. Huge trunk. Comfortable seats. Too soon to know real world mileage but the computer says 28 highway about 26.5 in town. 
I've owned '88, '94, '97,'02,and now the '07 Taurus. The '02 was the best overall. I like a combination of reasonable size, safety, and overall economy of operation. I'm averaging right at 27mpg overall with most of my driving on the interstate. I did better on my '02 with the 24V engine. My current '07 has 3 front seatbelts which allows for six passengers, something many newer sedans do not offer. If I had the purchase to do over I would find the SEL model for some better interior quality and for extra features however this seems to be a good car so far. Only one issue so far: front driver side window went down but would not come up. Only happened one time. I think something may be loose.
This is my first "Newer" vehicle, and my first car loan, this was in my price range at only 10,988. Car is getting on average 19-21 MPG. That is with several quick accelerations a day. and driving it somewhat hard. Car rides great, is comfortable. 
I recently purchased this vehicle for my wife and as a family car. Looking for an inexpensive yet comfortable vehicle which is safe and dependable. I recommend this vehicle if you are not looking for a luxury vehicle. 
I purchased this car for my wife. She loves it & so do I. It has good looks in & out. The 3.0 engine is peppy, tranamission shifts smoothly & we average 27 to 29 mpg & we live in the mountains of NC. The front seats are firm, yet confortable. We recommend this car for a great inexpensive & confortable ride! 
I bought my Taurus as a family car. I have 4 kids and want a safe, dependable car. For the price there is no better value. If you are looking for a sports car with great handleing on the autovon look elesewhere. I wanted a solid, safe car at a value price and I have all that and more. My 07 Taurus has leather, sunroof etc. and 23K miles for about 12k. No complaints here. 
I bought my '07 a month ago at just about half sticker price. The wheels needed alignment, but the dealer was happy to fix it on the first try. The engine is so quiet and revs so high, the jet engine air intake seems right. Fuel consumption is what you would expect for a peppy big-midsize, not what you would be led to expect by the window sticker. I get 22 mpg mixed. This car has a solid feel of quality that makes me think the guys on the assembly line know they were participating in history. My only disappointment is that silly dash which won't accept an aftermarket stereo gracefully. The enthusiastic A/C more than makes up for it, though, as it's a neccessity here in Florida.
I had a 2003 Ford Taurus SE before which was a very good car. I had the car until October 2007 when a crash on the interstate totalled it. The incident on the highway tested a few things on the car, like braking, handling and safety. It is a very safe car. The 08 version is the safest in American, if you haven't seen the commericial. The Taurus has been criticized for it looks but I'd much rather crash in an ugly American car then a cheap Japanese one. I liked the car so much, I have now bought the 2007 model in SEL, which is quite similar apart from a few minor improvements on the looks and has leather seats, air con, etc.
I purchsed this vehicle from a dealer with 20,000 miles on it. Great driving car and got it at a bargain price. I can't believe I'm actually getting over 31 MPG hiway on several trips at 65mph with cruise. Sweet! I had leather interior installed and chrome wheels. Not your average fleet. The engine is strong and tranny shifts flawlessly. Very happy with this car! Quiet, strong, smooth. I traded in a 2005 Suzuki Reno 2.0 that got worse gas mileage than this Vulcan 3.0. Go figure! 
My wife and I purchased out 2007 Taurus a few weeks ago and are very happy with the purchase.Its a great looking car for a great price. Ours has almost every option, SEL, moonroof , leather, ABS, trip computer, 6cd changer, home link, climate control, spolier, auto lights, and key pad entry. We looked at a Fusion , a great car , but bought this one with 17,000 miles on it for about 10k less. It drives great, smooth and quiet. I am sad that Ford discontinued the Taurus as they are a nice size car, not too big, or too small. I would highly recommend the 2007 fleet Taurus to any one looking for a quality car at a great price.
I purchased a 2007 Taurus SEL premium, and I've had it for a month, and out of that month its been at Ford for 2 weeks of that month. I owned a 2002 Taurus and the quality of the 2007 feels cheaper compared to the last one. I think they weren't focused on quality control when they were selling these as fleet cars. I am very disappointed in this car, and I have it for sale now, and I am going back to a Chevrolet.
I purchased one of the earliest Acadias (April 2007)--the top of the line version with all the features--AWD, etc. Truck was great for about 8 months, and then I had one of the software updates applied, and it changed something about the transmission in a significant way. I could tell immediately upon picking up the vehicle. Car can't find right gear to be in, sluggish up the slightest hills, poor gas mileage (13mpg max), poor acceleration, wheezing. Well, 2 weeks and 3 days ago, at 37,800 miles-- THE END. Tranmission crapped out with my whole family in the car. Guess what? No Acadia transmissions available at all because GM's suppliers have cut back production. Who knows how long I'll wait?
We had 3 engine failures in about a year?s period of time. For no apparent reason the engine would just stop. It didn't matter if we were in traffic, on a major highway or making a turn. When the engine quits you no longer have brakes or steering that the average person could use. We ask GMC to get us into another Acadia since our lives were being put at risk in this car but all they did was offer to extend our OnStar. 
I have some serious quality concerns regarding the reliability of my Acadia as it accumulates miles. First, the odometer failed and just got it back from the dealer...had to replace the transmission after 25k miles. Plan on trading it in for a more reliable brand/model.
We purchased the car in 2007 and noticed the acceleration was poor especially when A/C is on. Hit 36,000 miles memorial day weekend and since then the waterpump, and transmission sensor have been replace. Now car is whining and was told in normal cars they have power steering but this car doesn't and it is electrical and you not what that means more money. Overall this is not a reliable vehicle. Service department now knows my name but they are good at making the repairs.
I have had my Acadia for over 2 years now and I still really love to drive it. Gets good gas mileage for me ~20 combined, stereo is amazing, tons of room and plenty of power for getting around town. The only thing I will say is that even though I am meticulous about maintaining it, it is starting to develop some creaks and rattles and the dealer cant seem to be able to fix them. Nothing major but still slightly annoying for a $38K car. I have heard about problems with sunroofs and radios but luckily I hate sunroofs so I don't have one and my radio works great. Also for everyone that complains of it shifting alot, who cares? Its not like it noticeable since its so smooth.
Purchased used w-15204 miles Aug.2008. Really enjoy taking a road trip in it. extremely comfortable, quiet w-great visibility, optioned out. Even has a console cup holder night light. Vehicle has had a constant front end problem-pulling to the right. Front end has been re-alinged twice and today dealer advises 2 front tire eaten up, 1 down to the core on inside edge (hidden)! Still at dealer attempting to find out what the problem is for 2 days. Mileage is not good even though recall and service bulletin issues have supposedly been fixed. Gets a little better after being serviced but goes back to bad days later. We love the car, but wish these two issues could be fixed. 
We have had numerous repair issues with the ignition, sunroof leaking, windshield wiper motors replaced several times, lumbar supports, power locks, power steering gear box and today electronics with brake light beeping and park assist malfunction and cruise out. Buyer beware not a long term reliable vehicle from our experience
We purchased the Acadia in Feb 2007, and 2 1/2 years later, the transmission failed! The dealership admitted to a bulletin being issued about the transmission. We had a recall repaired with the transmission like most a few years ago but it is now completely shot. Thank God for the extended warranty because GMC is not willing to repair or replace this defective transmission in my two year old car. I am disappointed to say the least. The radio is defective as well, they have replaced it twice. I loved this car even though it was in and out of the shop for recalls but this is a lemon.I will be speaking to attorney.
We have had this vehicle for 3 years and love it for soccer mom duty and ever family trip. The gas mileage posted on our window was 28mpg highway. Which is not even close. I was say 22 at best and we have the front wheel drive only version. We average 16mpg. The stated towing is 6000lbs. We tried towing a 5000lbs trailer once, this vehicle could not do it. I will never tow with it again. The transmission is a little shifty also but this was improved with an updated last year. We do love it, and it is one of the best vehicles we have ever owned though.
I have been driving my 2007 Acadia for 2 full years, and I still love it. I commute 30 miles one way, and spend a lot of time in the vehicle on trips. The comfort and features make it a joy to drive! I had it in the shop only one time before warranty expired for very minor issues and one recall, and it has not needed any other repairs. I get 18+MPG in town, 24+MPG on the highway - very close to what is promised. I prviously drove a 98 Oldsmobile minivan, and a 2003 Chevy Tahoe. This Acadia has as much room as the minivan, but is much more stylish and comfortable, and it is much more roomy and functional than the Tahoe. Highly recommend to families with small children or teenagers!
Had this SUV for about a month now and already put on 2000 KM. The fuel mileage is about what I expected getting about 25 mpg hwy and 17 mpg city, not too bad. Love the way this vehicle handles and is able to carry lots of stuff. 
Purchased approximately two weeks ago, so far not disappointed at all. Interior design is excellent but I have also noticed the glare on the A/C vents mentioned in other reviews but not a serious issue for me. The motor and transmission are extremely smooth and I don't have any problems with the six speed, it wants to get into 5-6 gears as quick as possible but a slight tap on the accelerator down shifts it quickly. Mileage overall is aveaging about 18.5 mpg in a blend of 50% city/highway. A 100 mile interstate trip did deliver 22 and I averaged 75 mph. You can't do that in my '03 Tahoe which I traded.
Just took a 1300 mile round trip with the Acadia filled with 3 people, the dog and all our luggage, etc. Drove through pouring rain and up north through the mountains and never skipped a beat. Best part - avg over 22 mpg round trip driving about 75 on interstate and varying through 2 lane mountain roads. Very good family vehicle!!
The Acadia is basically a good-looking, well performing, comfortable, reliable, stylish, fun to drive minivan, thats actually a crossover. Comfortable, back rows are surprisingly big, enough for an adult to sit comfortable for a 5-hour trip. It has been problem free, craftmanship: A+. So sharp looking, along with the brick red leather interior: A+. Fuel economy, great. The HID headlights, LED taillights, just make it seem like it is a good looking minivan (that's actually a crossover, so it performs like a car) made by a luxury brand. A+.
The vehicle handles extremely well and the features make it a car worth having. 
Previous to this purchase, the last GM car I owned was 1963 Corvair given to me by my father. Since then, I have owned a Honda Prelude, a Madza RX-7, an Infiniti G20, and a Jeep Grand Cherokee (a very good SUV). This GMC Acadia is the best road vehicle I have ever owned and proves that Detroit is back on the block. Now, I need GMC to create a sports car for my short city drives, although I might consider the Pontiac or Sky. 
I got my 2007 Acadia 7-7-07, I am very pleased with this car. I read many reviews and took 2 months to decide on a car that would suit my family of 6. Children ages 4,5,10,12. This car is fun to drive, we get lots of stares and compliments from strangers. The kids really enjoy the DVD player, and the Sky Scape, I like the sunroof, and the auto headlights. It's super comfy to ride in. I got the 7 seating with 4 captains chairs so it would be easier for the kids to climb into the back, although you can slide the seats back and down, they usually get to the car before me and I didnt want to have a 3 rows of seats all muckied up by their footprints so this was better for us.
Fun to drive vehicle. Convenience of a very large SUV packaged with the drive handling, accesories, amenities & styling of a premium luxury sedan. We were set on buying a competitor (and imported) SUV vehicle, but the Acadia had everything we wanted and more for the price. Safety was a key point. Good gas mileage for an AWD optioned car, too.
Would like more hp when accelerating to get onto freeway or pass another vehicle, vehicle is a little sluggish in that area. Fuel economy is o.k., 17 mpg city. Otherwise overall excellent ride so far.
I was very impressed with the drive and style of my new Acadia. I feel that the transmission would run more efficiant had it been larger. Sometime the transmission dosen"t know what to do. I took it for a 15 hr one way road trip to Tampa, Florida and it drove great other than giving me the advertised fuel mileage. Overall I get many looks of impressed people when I drive it. GMC has to be commended for a job well done, makes you want to keep buying American.
I love this car! I can convert the seats easliy to carry cargo or the kids for carpooling. I can leave my cargo in the car and still carry 5 kids. Very versital and fun to drive.The low gas mileage is an issue, but the space and handling make up for it. If you need a minivan, but don't want to drive one, buy this car! It has the space and features of a minivan without the stigma of it. 
I really love this vehicle. It has everything I have always wanted. I wanted the room of an SUV, but didn't want a gigantic beast to drive. This is perfect for our family and it looks great. I have had numerous people ask me about it. I feel very much in control of it when I drive. Tons of room!
The perfect car for a mom who refused the minivan stigma but needed something easy and cool for three kids and a husband. Worried about first year model, but after test driving and reading these reviews, we bought and have no regrets. 
It drives good, could use more power. Nice size. Has had 3 recalls. When driving at noon the reflection off of the ac vents will blind you. I have 7000 mi and mileage is not what is on the sticker. Love the XM and OnStar.
Traded the '07 Caddy Escalade. Almost identical interior and options. However, the Acadia is better, more storage, easier to adjust the rear seats, back seats fold down. Miles per gallon, need I say anymore. Improvements over the Caddy, price,storage,double moonroof, rear seats move back an forth for taller passengers, amazing leg room for thrid seat passengers and easier to use options.
Just took delivery of our new Acadia in the medium brown with black leather. Drives a lot better than our previous Pathfinder. If the reliability is there, I may have to continue with GM. The styling is great and the practical use of space is perfect inside. We were very close to getting the Buick Enclave, nicer style and more luxury inside, but my wife and I are just not ready to drive a Buick. Maybe in 10 years or so.
I have not purchased a new domestic vehicle since my 1974 Camaro SS. The Acadia is the first vehicle since that attracted me enough to make the switch. While the MPG isn't quite where I hoped it would be, I am averaging around 20 mpg with a combo of heavy freeway stop and go traffic. On a recent road trip to Arizona, I averaged about 24mpg, which I was quite satisfied with. I am very happy with this vehicle. For a versatile, all around utility vehicle with style and comfort, I don't think that you can beat it.
An excellent family hauler. I love the remote start feature where it turns on the heater and seat warmers or AC depending on the temperature. Drives great, rides great, excellent steering, nice interior touches and the great exterior appearance. Very comfortable seats. Tows our camper with ease, but there is always a need for more HP and torque.
We have enjoyed our Acadia and having over 1,000 miles we are ready for the road ahead. The engine noise a little noisy on heavy acceleration, the dash imperfection is anoying but I had the dealership take care of this. I could not have abuilt a better vehicle myself.
This vehicle is the perfect alternative to the dreaded minivan. Great gas mileage. Lots of room for the kids and everything else we tote. Eye catching style. GM finally came out with something I've been looking for for a long time. So impressed I actually bought this one.
This vehicle is great. More than I could ask for.Great gas mileage compared to my previous V8 SUV. Outstanding 19 mpg. I needed a mommy car that didn't look mommy-ish and something Daddy would drive without compromising his manhood. The Acadia was attractive to both of us and fit in our budget nicely. Way to go GMC. I hope it is as reliable as its overseas friends.
This is the perfect car for our family. It is comfortable, easy to drive, and perfectly arranged inside. The fuel economy is decent for a vehicle of this size, and it drives so well. In the last month I haven't been able to find anything about this car that I don't like!
Before you take a trip, read all details in the manual. Lots of buttons to learn about before you push them. Do not rely on the Park Assist horn to warn you. Watch the amber lite and stop dead when three lights are lit!
I've had the truck for only a couple of weeks so far, but I've already noticed the gas mileage is way below advertised. I'm only getting about 15 mpg! It looks great though, it rides smooth, and the kids love the sunroof and DVD player. The chrome trim does reflect too much sunlight in your eyes. It's my first GMC, so we'll see how reliable it is. It rides more like a sedan than a truck, very comfortable.
This new SUV, CUV, or whatever you want to call it, is simply outstanding. I can only add my voice to the hundreds of positive reviews. Everyone wants to check out my vehicle and thanks to the versatility of this vehicle I can take 7 of them with me in comfort. Finally, real 3rd row seating for adults, or cavernous cargo capacity if required. Awesome utility aside -- the vehicle is gorgeous and has GMC "professional grade" all over it. Cannot recommend this enough. A true joy for both driver and passenger; the ultimate family vehicle.
The Acadia is one great vehicle! Gas mileage is averaging about 21 mpg combined city and highway driving which is great for that size vehicle. I love the way it looks and handles. Easily makes sharp turns and parking is a breeze. Go GM!
I just took a 1,000 mile trip and was miserable. I kept hitting my head on the tilted head of the seat and had a crick in my neck my entire trip. The seats are so firm they feel hard. The lumbar support feels like it never releases and both drivers on my trip had backaches. The only positive was the front window has good visibility in the rain. I am sorry I bought this car since I travel frequently. The FM radio has poor reception so you must pay for XM. The car is slow and the gas pedal is hard to push and you must lift your foot at a severe angle to reach. I can't believe I read so many good reviews. This car is slow, eats gas, and is just plain uncomfortable!
I love cars and have had a lot of nice ones. This is by far the best I've had for some hauling, use of space, comfort, and quietness. For the first time in many years I find new reasons to drive somewhere. We also have a Mini S convertible, which is a very nice car, but I'll choose the Acadia to use over that. GM really did their homework on this car.
Great value and mileage for such a big vehicle. It does everything I need it to do. I love it. It will turn heads as it looks great 
The Acadia has a few strong selling points: -Quiet ride. As good as most luxury cars. -Space galore. Easy access to third row, easy to fold seats down. Just plain roomy. -Comfortable seating. Long periods in the car are pleasant. -Sound system is decent, with mp3 input on the dash. -Great looking vehicle! However, there are some kinks. -Transmission is sluggish. -Chrome interior trim reflects light into your eyes. -Height of rear window is hard for my wife to see out. -There needs to be open storage in the console, for pens, change, etc. Cup holders get used for this, and then you have no cup holders left.
Congratulations GMC, this car blows away the competition. The styling is excellent and unlike others complaints I see about inital gas mileage, I am averaging 20mpg in heavy Chicago area traffic where my average speed is about 17mph with many starts and stops. I am sure I could make it average a lot less like some of the complaints here, if I really tried by accelerating hard. This is a great alternative to gas guzzling large SUV's or mini-vans. The ride and quiet interior are better than the Acura we own or the Volvo we used to own. Best in class legroom for all three rows of seating without sacrificing cargo space.
I really enjoy it and hope to stay in the GMC family for a long time. This pretty much summed up all I wanted. It has the space of a full size SUV, yet the class of a luxury car and the styling of a sporty SUV. Like i said everything I could have possibly asked for!
Really enjoy the comfort and features of the Acadia. Only complaint is the transmission could be smoother, a problem I anticipate them fixing for the next model year. The leather seats are very comfortable. The suspension is very smooth. Highly recommend the parking assist.
Really a great vehicle. Beyond my expectations. GM is finally getting it right. Should have no problem getting market share back from Toyota!
I've only had it for a little over a week but so far loving it. The only negative is the fuel economy. My kids love the dual moonroof and the DVD player. I love the way it handles. I loved my Honda Odyssey but I was ready to not have a "Mommy Mobile" and this fits the bill. I still have room to cart around my children's friends without having to drive a van. I have never purchased American but so far so good. I was also deciding between Mazda CX-9 and Acadia and after talking to my mechanic he pushed me to the GMC. He said Mazda parts are hard to get and American made vehicles have come a long way over the last several years. 
The Acadia handles well and is doesn't handle or float around like a large SUV. It has received multiple unsollicited compliments in parking lots and several impromptu tours. 
Expecting equal or better fuel economy to my last vehicle which was a Jeep, I was disappointed to only get about 14mpg average 30% lower than expected. The ride is smooth, although after 3 months rattles with the doors and undercarrage have started to appear, a few features like the rear wiper switch being on the highbeam switch which easily gets turned on by mistake when switching the highbeams. and chrome accents that reflect the sun in your eyes. But for the little amount of snow I drove it in the handling and traction was great, Don't let anyone lean on your Acadia as the panels dent easy. For a GM vehicle it was better than expected, but still not great. 
An outstanding presentation by GM! The fit and finish of the Acadia brings GMC to the level of the Asian or Europeans. Attention to detail and the overall driving experience has been outstanding. The capability and size of the Acadia is masked by outstanding agility, fabulous ride, and wonderful driving experience. The second and third row seating ae designed in a manner which is well thought out. Clearly the third row was not an add on as it is in many smaller cross overs. Adjustable seating in the second row is a sign that GM took the overall needs for 7 passengers seriously. Excellent storage space, ergonomics, and overall design.
I have never owned an American vehicle, but really liked the looks of the Acadia. Incredibly, the other vehicle I was considering was the Mercedes C class. After 7,000 miles/4 months, I still have not heard one squeak or rattle, and the car drives possibly better than my original test drive.
Took delivery a couple of weeks ago. We chose the Acadia over the Mazda CX9 because of the additional interior room and ease of access to the third row. So far we are very happy with the overall purchase except for the terrible gas mileage when compared to what is stated on the sticker. The first tank of gas which was a combined city and highway was 15 mpg. The second and third tanks were 100% city driving in Houston, Texas and we are getting 12 mpg; a huge dissapointment because we get this same 12 mpg with our Yukon XL and Ford Expedition; both of which are V8s. Hopefully this will improve.
I was very concerned buying a new GM vehicle after owning a Honda Pilot for the last 4 yrs, and picked this over the new MDX. This vehicle is much quieter on the hiway, is larger inside, more HP, and same gas mileage as the Pilot. Love the dark carpets even with the taupe leather, very comfy seats and hidden receiver hitch, chrome door handles. Wish I could've purchased front moonroof only. Tranny can't decide which gear to pick on hills at hiway speed, nature of the 6 speed beast. Highly recommend backup sensors due to small tailgate window.
My last car was the Cadilac SRX. The new Acadia is vastly better in all aspects. I can not emphasize how much I have enjoyed driving the car in the first 30 days of purchase. The only correction that needs to be made is the acceleration at high speed and initial fuel economy. Going in for an adjustment this week. GMC has made a car that my friends call a big Lexus 350! Top quality and a great ride
We were trying to downsize and I glanced over and saw this vehicle. As soon as I found out it seated 8 with center bench I told the dealer to bring it to the house. My wife wasn't sure at first, but after driving it and seeing the Acadia in white she loved it. We ordered one which took 6 weeks but was worth the wait. What a class vehicle. Before buying an import do yourself a favor and check this one out. The only thing we left off was heads up and nav system. I will use a portable nav. Had a Z71 sub and this drives like a Cadillac in comparison.Our first road trip is coming up will keep posted.
This is a great vehicle. The ride is smooth as befits a large car. It is responsive, and it is very comfortable in all three rows of seats. Although there are a lot of controls, they are well laid out and intuitive to use. For a large vehicle, it is quite maneuverable and fairly easy to park. The power rear lift gate is surprisingly handy. While gas mileage isn't great, it is pretty good for such a large vehicle. Bottom line: I don't especially enjoy driving, but I actually look forward to driving my new Acadia.
Very surprised by quiet interior even on interstate in windy conditions, smooth ride and very comfortable seats. Transmission can't decide when to shift at times making for less smooth drive then the Pilot or MDX. So far so good after leaving a Pilot and picking the Acadia over an MDX. GM has done their homework!
The Acadia has more than lived up to my expectations. Handling is terrific, and the 6-speed performs better than anticipated with the software fix GM has applied. A fun, functional, and very comfortable vehicle. Turns a lot of heads!
I bought this after comparing a Tahoe, Pilot, Edge, Sequoaya, Highlander, Outlander, CX-9, and Explorer. I can't be happier with my decision after several months. I got the brick interior, heads up display, and huge sunroof; it catches everyones eye. The captain's chairs are nice and the third row seats are much more spacious than other full size SUVs. The fit and finish of the interior is finally on par with European vehicles. Forget the comments about the plastic, it is fine. The tranny downshifts sluggishly but that is to save gas. I average 20.5MPG with city/congestion driving. There are some comments about rust on the exhuast, this is the stainless steel discoloring
We have had our Acadia for 3 weeks and drove to South Carolina and back from NY without any problems. Very comfortable (15hrs of driving straight). We drove through snow, sleet, wind, rain and sun. It handled great in every aspect. We have two young kids. They had plenty of room for all the toys and things to keep them occupied for 15hrs. 
I am so happy with my choice for the Acadia. I looked at Lexus, Acura MDX, Honda Pilot, and related vehicles. This Acadia has it all over the foreigners. I am proud that I can support my own country now, and have a great vehicle.
I switched from a Toyota Sequoia to the GMC Acadia. This Acadia give me 28 mpg at 65 mph. I added a Fitch Fuel Catalyst to gain 4 mpg. The quality is great, ride is comfortable, plenty of cargo room. A quiet engine, comfortable seats. OnStar is super. The instrumentation is excellent. Excellent vehicle stability. A great value. GMC has a winner with the Acadia.
I don't know if it's the smell of a new vehicle or that I'm driving around town in an Acadia that has put a smile on my face! We sold our reliable, conservative Honda Odyssey for a bit of luxury in the fully loaded (minus Nav) SLT2 - Carbon Metallic with Ebony leather interior. It's a great looking vehicle inside and out, causing it to be a looker on the road and sitting in carpool! We bought the extended warranty to give us more piece of mind regarding reliability. Expected a little better fuel economy.
We purchased this car after comparison of Pilot and CX-9. Our expectations were exceeded. Family members are very happy with it especially kids. Acadia is very roomy and styling. Ride is quiet and very comfortable.
I am a BMW fanatic, however, I decided to take a look at the GMC Acadia and I was pleasantly surprised! Amazingly, doing 60 MPH feels like you are still around 35. It is a very solid and smooth crossover vehicle. 
I expect the Acadia will sell very well because it has nearly everything a family w/ 3+ kids is looking for if you vehemently opposed to driving/owning a minivan. Most of the features of a minivan without the ridicule from your friends and family. Hard to put a price tag on that! We researched and looked at nearly every third-row SUV and kind of stumbled upon the Acadia and were pleased to find that it had all of the features that we valued. Roomy, enough trunk space with the third row up, easy-in and easy-out with the captain's chairs, and better mileage than the very large SUV's. Overall, we've been very happy with the Acadia.
Leased the vehicle thinking I would get close to the the MPG listed as I mostly drive at highway speeds and few if any stops. Best MPG I have gotten so far is 16.4 but avg only 14.7 weekly. I was told this engine would break in and I would get better MPG but after 1200 miles I doubt this will come up that much to match the sticker claims. I love this car as it meets every other need I have but to suffer at the pumps is getting the best of me. I also have a problem with the transmission not always being in the proper gear on grades. This could be a major factor in the low MPG. I recommend GM look into this further. I grow more angry at every fill-up 
I just bought this car for my wife. Carbon Metallic with Ebony Leather, the DVD player and dual sunroofs, everything is on it. I have to say the car is great. Tows well, drives like a car, and my wife loves it. No doubt it will be in my garage for another 5+ years. If crossovers/SUVs are what you are looking for, just don't bother and buy this car.
After driving a mini-van for 10 years, we were ready for a new vehicle to fit us and our 4 kids. We looked at the Ford Freestyle, Saturn Outlook, Chrysler Pacifica and accidently ran across the Acadia. It blew them all away. This vehicle has it all. Style, function, power, class, convenience, room for the kids and their stuff. We took it on a long road trip and it handled superb on the highway with minimal road noise and good gas mileage. The ride was smooth and comfortable for everyone! We used OnStar to help with navigation and loved it. GM got it right with the Acadia. 
Took delivery on Feb 9, 2007 and 2 weeks later left for 5 week vaction in Florida. Drove 4617 miles and got 19.83 mpg. Not too bad for vehicle this size in very heavy Florida traffic. About 22 mpg on the highway according to computer. Was considering a van but am extremely happy I choose an Arcadia. GM has definitly got a hit with this vehicle. Highly recommend at least a look.
This is a remarkable vehicle with almost every feature a luxury vehicle should have. I traded in my Infiniti QX4 so I had high expectations from the beginning. I?m used to a bit more luxury with leather surrounds on the doors and dash but have tried overlooking this in favor of the 7 passenger seating, which is very practical with the grandkids. It?s one of the easiest vehicles to get passengers into the third row seat and I?m guessing that other manufactures will follow suit soon. It?s also the quietest vehicle I?ve driven in years. It?s so quiet that you can?t hear the engine shifting gears unless you mash the accelerator. 
We were impressed with all the supposedly included features until we actually bought the car and found out many of them do not function in all the models. ie the drivers information center on the base models. We felt the features could be changed to meet our needs. After having the car/truck for a week we have found out that while they are there and functioning they only function the way the engineers at GMC choose to make them function. In particular is the door locks. They lock as expected when you put the car into gear. The problem is they unlock automatically when ever you put the Acadia into park. ie, waitng at a train crossing in the worse part of town.
Just took delivery of my new 2007 Acadia. The brick leather is stunning and is really shocking people at first. So far the truck is a dream. Haven't figured out all of the electronics yet. (read the manual!) Ride is quiet. Fit and finish look great. Dealer was superb. Highly recommend. Cost was a bit high, but it looks like it is worth it.
After years of driving a Suburban, I am giving this new Acadia a try. So far I love it. I find it so solid with a great ride and its the nicest car I have ever driven (nicer than my husbands Merecedes even). I am happy with the improved gas mileage. I am excited about the fold flat 3rd row.Too many impressive things to list. I hope this works out because I am in love.
I purchased my Acadia after a long comparison period. I looked at Toyota, Nissan and Dodge. I picked the Acadia primarily on the gas mileage and the look of the vehicle. I am happy with the drive, however the transmission tends to lag on a quick acceleration. The internal comfort is excellent. My only negative comment is there is a "hum" that is audible when driving slow or at a stop light. Since I listen to talk radio it is easily heard in the gaps. I took it back into the dealer and they said the noise is comparable to the Acacda they had on the lot. It may be nit-picking, but the ride is so smooth and quiet its disappointing to listen to a hum.
Let me first say that I have never owned any General Motors product and at last count have owned at least a dozen new cars and several used cars. This CUV has chcanged me though - what a vehicle! GM has done their homework and provided the best of SUVs and Minivans in one sharp looking and fun to drive vehicle. Our family is headed out on a spring break vacation so I hope to write more about our impressions from that trip. Look out all other SUVs, CUVs, and minivans - the General has a winnder on their hands!
Great car. 2000 miles on it so far. Seats 7 very comfortably. Good if not great power. Gotten 25 mpg at 70 mph. Lots of attention to detail. Interior is very nice and comfortable. GMC has a real winner
Have owned the vehicle for only 3 days. This is the first US brand I have ever purchased - said many times before that I would never buy US, but GM built the perfect vehicle for my family... 2 children under 3yrs, wife did not want a minivan, no real need for a huge SUV, but wanted something big to haul everything to grandma's house. Acceleration is good. Responsive steering and tight turning radius makes it drive like a smaller car. Suspension makes for comforatble cruising. Little body roll when cornering at speed. Interior fit and finish is excellent - no squeaks or rattles. Very little wind noise at highway speeds. Have yet to find anything inside not thoughtfully designed.
So far, we love the Acadia. Fun to drive, comfortable, bells and whistles, and great to look at. Has plenty of power to get on the freeway. Smooth shifting and handles great.
Great aesthetic inside and out, super build quality, plenty of power. Without a doubt the quitest vehicle I have ever owned, virtually no highway or engine noise. Powerful engine. The 6-speed transmission sometimes cannot find the best gear between 20 and 45 mph, this may get better with more driving, currently have only 1800 miles. Gas mileage is averageing only about 17 mpg city/hwy combined. This is not anywhere near the advertised mileage. Poor gas mileage my only complaint. Interior has ample room and easy to get in and out of.
This GMC Acadia had got to be one of the most solid vehicles built to date. From the luxurious interior features, sleek body style, and the powerful engine, the Acadia is a must drive for anyone. I got my Acadia 4 days ago and all I can say is wow! Just sitting behind the wheel lets you know you are in for a fun drive. This car performs and without much effort. The interior is gorgeous. Of course you have to get the SLT package. The dual sunroof is the coolest thing. I never had a power liftgate but always wanted one. No regrets there. The rear DVD entertainment system is very nice. The kiddo just loves it! You need to drive one of these very soon. You will not regret it!
Mom of two looking for a better handling and more powerful vehicle than my past Buick Rendezvous, not too hard to do! This CUV is a welcome change at GMC, great styling, super interior space, airbag nirvana, smooth 6 speed, dead quiet interior. Like the big Benzes, beautiful fit and finish. The AWD performs admirably and the cars weight gives it nice authority on the road. Fabulous value for the money, in the SLE version with the four wheel drive, big engine 275hp, proper 18 inch wheels. Avoid the 19's, they aren't mated to this vehicle properly. Buy yourself some nice rims if you feel cheated! Drive it, it'll give the Japanese a run for their money. 
I have owned many vehicles in the past 10 years and I've never been more giddy over a purchase as I am today. I absolutely love the Acadia SLT 2. Got every feature possible except the heads up display which I thought might just annoy me to be honest. Driving around in town the on board computer calculates mpg at around 18-20 so far and they are usually pretty accurate. Didn't hurt any that I bought it on the GM plan for retired GM employees - thanks grandad - and saved a bundle. Handles great, looks awesome, comfortable, a real head turner so far. Plan to get the chrome step rails asap
I researched everything out there, and landed on the Acadia. I needed a good family car with a towing capacity of not less than 4500 lbs. That shortened the list to the MDX and the Mercedes, and other GM Lambda platform cars. I purchased a loaded SLT2, and it seems great. Build quality is excellent. It handles extremely well. I believe GM hit a grand slam here. If build quality holds up, this car will compare very well against the MDX and others. And, the six speed tranny should give me an efficiency edge over all non GM competitors (until they adopt similar high efficiency transmissions).
We've had this for 3 days now. It's a very nice car/truck. My wife had a BMW 528i wagon, and was a little leery of trading 'down' to a GM. After a few days she's over that. It drives very nice. All passengers sit nice and high so there's great visibility. There's a nice feel of security in this vehicle. It drives like a car but has the road presence of a truck. And it feels like it's put together very well. Heated seats, mirrors, great stereo, parking assist... It's full featured and gives off a great confidence. GM is back with this one!
Saw the Acadia at a car show first. Was and still impressed with comfort features and looks of this car. Will be a great car to take on vacations and other trips. I have not really tested the performance of car due to the fact it is not fully broken in. With the 275 hp I am sure it will have plenty power. I am very disappointed in the gas mileage that the car gets. 16.2 is the best I've recorded and that's 95% hwy driving and driving at 65 mph nowhere near the window sticker estimate of 17 city and 24 hwy. Any answers GM? I have a feeling the mpg won't improve much even after 10K miles. Compared to my Murano I traded the room is much better but I miss the fuel economy of the Murano. Overall GM did a great job on this crossover I would recommend it to friends.
We have drive the Acadia on both short and long trips. It rides great, handle well and gets 21 miles to a gallon!
This vehicle has it all. Comfort, performance, fuel economy, workmanship and styling. The 2nd row bench seat (which I elected to have vs the standard Captains chairs), has unbelievable leg room and can be reclined slightly to give even more room. The 3rd row seats fold flat and are easy to manually operate. The vehicle feels solid under you and entry and exit is easy.so forget about running boards. MPG has averaged what GMC advertised, and with this vehicle having 270 hp I find it remarkable. Performance is always there. On the highway, the vehicle is quiet and interior craftsmanship is excellent. I find myself looking for excuses so I can go drive the vehicle. GMC has a winner. 
This car is beautifully designed and is a pleasure to drive. Although I would like it to have more power it does handle exceptionally well.
I always want a car with style of Lexus, drive like a Infiniti, capacity like a Tahoe, price tag like a Chevy and fuel efficient like a Toyota and Acadia is the closest I can get. Got my Acadia on Feb 17, my whole family just can't have enough of it. Totally in love with the style, size and power. Oh yes, don't under estimate this 3.6L V6 engine. Lot of buttons is true but they are all well placed. I'm getting 16.5mpg on my first tank of gas since most of my driving are local. Japanese and European car manufactures, are you scared?
After narrowing the choice down to either the Acadia, or the Mazda CX-9, we went with the Acadia - and we couldn't be happier! My two boys love the dual sunroofs and the DVD Entertainment system. Handling is outstanding and the ride comfort is better than expected. Minimal road noise allows for easy adult conversation while the kids are entertained. My wife loves the power liftgate and remote start features. We Haven't had it long enough to judge fuel economy - still on my first tank ! This one can stand up to an import any day!
We've had it a month - already taken a 1,000+ mile trip... bottom line is that we love it. Feels as big as a Tahoe [we've had one of those] but handles as well as the Jeep Grand Cherokee [we've had 4 of those...] on the road. This is an AWD model [with every goodie except the cargo area audio control] to help with the snow we get from time to time but off-road was not a consideration for us. I am impressed with the fit and finish as others have said - much more upscale than the similar model from Saturn [and the Acadia price was the same as the price for the Saturn]. The navigation system is superb - the best one that I have ever seen -- very easy to operate.
Love the SUV. I am surprised how many heads have turned and asked what is that. Owned a Lexus previosly and did not get those kind of head turns. Ride is very smooth. Great Interior and craftmanship. great turn radius, plenty of room even in the 3rd row. love the dual sunroofs. 19 inch wheels make a big difference. great paint job on the outside. Great handling and fun to drive. beats van we traded in. almost same size as van as far as room. Only downside is fuel economy so far as been subpar. Only 12-14 mpg but just got SUV a week ago so still under 400 miles, heard it takes a while to break in vehicle.
My driving experience has been excellent. Very hard car to find on dearlership lots. My previous vehicle was a 2002 Envoy XL. I was disappointed with GM's decision not continue Envoy XL (3rd row) for 2007. However, this vehicle makes up the difference in a big way. I am very pleased with the design and technology for the vehicle. It really should priced higher than listed on the window. I purchased a fully loaded Acadia and it will take me sometime to figure out all the capabilities included on this vehicle. Way to go GM, finally it feels good again that an American manufacturer has step up to the plate with a very good design. Excellent family vehicle. 
Changed from a H2 to this crossover. GMC listened to the consumer! A lot of storage comparments, sliding center armrest, well positioned cup holders, electric liftgate etc. The leather seats are very comfortable. Steering is height adjustable and telescopic. Very large rear doors allow for very easy entry to the rear seats. Driving this car is a blast. The interior is very luxurious and quiet. I highly recommed the HUD. Airbags everywhere! Sliding/reclining second row captain seats are awesome. You sit down to take command in this crossover and everything just feels right. It has a very attractive instument cluster. The exterior is very appealing. Go take a look! We love it!
After looking at number of different CUVs / SUVs, we chose the Acadia. Partly because it is a new vehicle and American made, but mostly because we felt it was the best vehicle in the category. In case you are wondering, I do consider this vehicle to be in the same category as the XC90, RX350, MDX, 4Runner, and Pilot (all of which we looked at carefully and considered buying). The GMC name certainly does not carry the prestige, but the style, features, and initial quality of this car meets or exceeds them all (although time will tell in the reliability department). This is a great riding vehicle and has outstanding interior space (similar to Tahoe) for its deceptive exterior size.
I feel a little guilty being so excited about a vehicle! I got the carbon metallic w/ titanium leather - fully loaded. I traded in a 2004 Acura MDX, nice car - but never drove as comfortably as my Acadia. It's like GMC took all the features in my MDX - and improved on every one. It's very practical, convenient and handsome. My Acura was the first non American car I ever bought. I'm proud to be back! Grandkids have dubbed it my Nana-Mobile!
Love my new Acadia. Fit and finish was excellent. Engine is powerful, smooth and refined. My car does not exibit the acceleration lag reported by others and which I personally noticed when I test drove another Acadia and the Outlook. Wonder if I'm lucky or GM reprogrammed the transmission. The car turned the head of my brother in law who swore off American cars as well as the neighbors. The interior is so nice most could not believe it was a GM product. Ride is smooth and it handles extremely well, especially given it's large size. Much more fun to drive than a minivan and significantly more refined than a SUV. Plenty of leg room in all 3 rows and and still room for luggage in the back.
My wife and I are expecting our first child and we looked at every SUV, CUV possible to find one that was reliable and safe for our new addition. As soon as we saw it on the lot, we were in love. Chrome accents against the black and white background made for a shapr looking vehicle. The ride is great and smooth. Engine is plenty powerful. Interior is nicely refined and very quiet. Rear legroom is unrivaled by any other vehicle. Rear sliding seat gives an extra 4 inches if needed for back seat passenger. Not badly priced either.
GMC Has finally got a product that has it all. Comfort, power, body style, and economy! Have owend less than a month, and have been asked about the Acadia almost daily. First vehicle I've ever had that I can say is perfect!
My husband and I need the versatility of an SUV with a car like ride. The Acadia is both. Our 3 dogs are comfortable on longer trips. When they are not with us the cargo space is just what we need. With the trailoring package we can take our UTV up to our property in the north country with no problems. We have an extended cab 4x4 truck so the Acadia rounds our options for our diversified lifestyle perfectly. I would highly recommend this vehicle.
Just bought. You should go look at car if you have a growing family.The car has standard bucket seats(credit if you want bench) The third seat is removable and the middle row moves foward and back. Adults comfortable in 3rd row. The pricing is like shopping for a Honda. You do not have to pay for all those extra options.They have FD and AWD. It is decieving from the outside and roomy inside. I love it. I also know it is first year out but it has everything I want in a luxury car without the price. Great Job GMC on your crossover. So far good gas mileage . Have not truly broken in yet. Still under the 500 mark.
We just picked up our loaded GMC Acadia Friday night and are extremely happy. The vehicle is well built inside and out and is a pleasure to drive. Lots of bells and whistles to keep you occupied in your spare time. I'm 6'2" and I have more than enough room. This vehicle drives so smoothly, it feels like your driving 55 when you're really going 85(oops!). Handling is superior to other vehicles we've owned. It's a real head turner when your driving down the road. I saw numerous Envoy owners trying to catch up with us to get a peak. The Acadia will be a real winner for GMC. The motor has more than enough power to get up and go. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone. Watch out Soccer Moms!
Quiet, safe, lots of useful space, refined, decent on gas, drives like a car, great looks. 
I looked at several different CUVs and SUVs and none had the interior refinement or power and economy as the Acadia. Great product.
We absolutely love our 2 year Acadia. It is fun to drive and drives like a car-very smooth! The only complaint we have is the interior light of the digital clock/radio and odometer/exterior temp read-outs. (Hope fully, this has been changed with the future models) but, the lighting on these read-outs is so dim, that during the daytime hours it is very difficult, if not impossible, to see the readouts! Quite an oversight on GMC. The Enclave utilizes a green back light for these read outs, which is much easier to read/effective!
Should have known better than to buy a new American vehicle in its 1st year of production, but I was absolutely smitten by the design. Had issues with excessive road noise on the highway, but that was finally resolved after almost a year with new tires (the original Fortera tires were defective). Car handles nice and tight on the hwy with decent acceleration and comfort. However, mileage has never been as good as advertised. Worse thing is intermittent roof leaks that have required 4 or 5 trips to the dealership! Thank goodness I bought the GM Protection Plan extended warranty. Wonder if it will do me any good once GM goes bankrupt? I will think three times before buying a GM product again.
I had this vehicle for 2yrs and I had been several times back to the dealer for many recalls they broke my wind shield now my roof is leaking in the front and the rear where my DVD ent. sys. alot of water I immediately took it to the GM service they witness said they will fix it. I spent good money on this I shouldn't have been to the GM service so many times 
I have owned it for almost two years - 22,000 miles. Not one problem and it rides better today than when I purchased it. I owned a Highlander and this is much, much better. My mileage has improved in the last year. When I bought it there where not squeaks or rattles - I hoped it would remain like that - not sure if it's better but it could't be quieter. Love this vehicle!
We needed a larger vehicle as our family is getting bigger, and sold a Honda Civic for this family room on wheels. It fits everything, from baby seats, a dog, tons of luggage, coolers, and gets you from A to B comfortably. We knew gas would be more expensive coming from a 32 mpg Civic, but the size and comfort level are well worth the sacrifice. The funny thing is that people don't realize that these are like minivans on the inside, and can accomodate many passengers with the utmost comfort. The truck has taken up a bit more space in the garage than expected, but we'll get by. This will be in our family for a long time, and I would suggest this vehicle to anyone consaidering a minivan.
We bought in March, paying much more for this vehicle than another we considered. We mainly got it for the promised MPG. It has not lived up to my expectations at all. The gas mileage is horrible (12-14 in town, 19-10 hwy), and I am a very conservative driver. It's been in the shop about 5 times in 6 months (minor issues, but still!) The gold paint job is evidently not very good. There was a small scratch when we got it, which we touched up. Since then, it has gotten many more scratches from items that don't normally scratch off car paint. The AC doesn't work well when outside temp is 80 or below, although it is great in the hottest part of the summer (and we have black interior.)
I purchased the vehicle one year ago and still can't seem to get all the the bugs out. It has been in the shop multiple times for vauious reasons. The first problem we incountered was the seatbelts tearing, (We are now on the fourth seatbelt for the diver side and still having a problem). The second problem was the back compartment door that would not close. The sunroof leaks causing the passenger side floor board to get wet from a drain tube not installed properly, (still having problems with this). We also had the software upgrade. The preformance since has been alot better, but the gas mileage has dropped tramendous, 14 city, 19 highway. We are very disapointed with this vehicle over all.
I researched this vehicle for several months before making the purchase. In the 1 yr that I have owned the vehicle it has been in the shop multiple times for various reasons. The first 3 times was because the passenger side floor board was flooded because the drain from the sunroof was not installed and when my dealer did install it it was done incorrectly. Then carpet had to be replaced. Transmission in the vehicle is not what it should be. I had the software update, but car continues to shift up and down with little regard to terrain Now it is in the shop related to what they say are body seam cracks. I love this car, the way it rides, the looks, and the interior comfort. 
Excellent ride and plenty of room. Have all electronic features except back-up camera, and find them all useful. Major complaint is the number of bugs that had to be worked out on the 2007 model. Average mpg is around 20 with significant highway driving. Cannot drive above 40 with rear windows down - vibrations feel like car is going to shake apart. Major flaw in otherwise great sound system is that it has only a single-CD/DVD player
The car is very comfortable and I feel very safe - 2 of the reasons I purchased the vehicle. However, the main reason I purchased the vehicle was because of the advertised fuel mileage which has turned out to be a bold faced lie. It is supposed to get 16-24mpg and we are lucky to get 12- 18mpg! I have taken it in to a dealership and called GMC on 2 different occasions with no resolution. They basically just say they will "document my concern". A lot of help that is! My next car purchase will definately not be a GMC!
This is absolutely the best overall vehicle we have ever owned. We have owned this vehicle one year now and have put just over 14K miles on it. Our gas mileage on the highway is 26, city 18, with an average of 23 combined.Please note, we did not begin to see a significant increase in gas mileage numbers until around 10k miles. The room inside is great. You can haul just about anything you want in the Acadia. I would like to see the tilt steering wheel improved. Other than that I just can't think of much to change.
It has been a great SUV with spacious, smooth, sporty look. I have been happy for the decision that I have made to purchase this crossover SUV over "soccer mom" minivan. My whole family, especially my kids loving it. They don't want to ride on other vehicles exception this one. My kids ususally have nice sleep and they wouldn't get tired when wake-up after a long trip. I got average 16-18 in city and 22-24 on highway. I really don't like its 6-speed transmission shiftings. It easily gets into low gear at high RPM when going up hill even at 10 degree upward. It has made me feeling that there isn't enough power.
I've had my Acadia for close to a year and a half and still absolutely love the vehicle. For the first year we were extremely disappointed with the mpg. I drove a country road to work - with one stop two stop signs on it-18 miles,and about 10 miles driving "in- town." I now keep my speed under 60 mph out of town, I don't pass anyone unless they're driving under 50 mph (like farm equipment), I accelerate slower and coast when approaching a stop sign, I always shut the car off and walk-in(no drive-ups at the bank, McD's, etc.)and wow what a difference! I've gotten on average 24 mpg, in two months it's been between 22 mpg and 28 mpg. A savings of 4 gallons per week - You do the math!
The car is fun to drive once you reach 20 or so mile per hour, but until then it seems to be hesitant to shift into lower gears to give the needed power for moving around in City traffic. I have had the transmission calibrated a couple of times and it helps for a while then it goes back to hesitating. Also the fuel mileage is not even close to what was advertised on the window sticker. The sticker said I should get 18 City and 24 Highway MPG. I get 14 City and 18 to 19 Highway. I asked the service reps about it and they kind of shrug and say "thats about normal". Otherwise I like the car a lot and have no real mechanical problems.
I bought my Acadia the day I first seen it. It is safe and fun to drive, not to mention easy to get into and out of. Only complaint is the interior isn't easy to clean or keep clean. I am a school bus driver and safety is number one with me so believe me when I say the Acadia is tops! In the ice and snow this past year going to work was easy(The kids hate it when bus drivers make it to work) So, if you drive it once you will fall in love and if you purchase one, you will not regret it.
I've owned an SLT-1 FWD Acadia for about 8 months and have not regretted the decision one bit. I went with the black metallic exterior with "brick" interior, and can't believe how nice that combination looks. I continue to get compliments in that regard. The 20" tires/rims really make the vehicle stand out. The ride is rather smooth (especially on the open rode) and the handling is very nimble. What I really find impressive is the roominess of the interior. It is very easy to move around and and change the seating positions (having captian's chairs is particularly nice). I considered buying the Mazda MX-9, Volvo XC-90 and the Acura MDX. The Acadia is a much better looking vehicle imo.
I wanted the space of a full size SUV but not the bulk. When GMC came on the scene with the Acadia in 2007, I knew my prayers had been answered. This crossover SUV is absolutely gorgeous. It's perfect for me and my family. I also ride a sport bike and the tow hitch on the back is perfect for pulling our enclosed trailer as well. You can't go wrong with this truck. It looks good, you feel safe and secure with OnStar and XM radio and the rest of the bells and whistles. But just like most vehicles this size, it could be better in the gas mileage category. Fortunately I kept my 96 Mazda Protege when I got this so my Acadia is strictly for the weekends and leisure. Way to go GM!
I've had my Acadia for one year and I love it! I did the transmission software update and it made a big difference. Unfortunately the dealership goofed it up when they did it and it was registering 3.1 miles on the odometer for every one mile I drove. I checked the mileage with with the highway milemarkers. The front end makes a clunking noise when just starting to take off. I learned from another review that the clunking noise is the anti-lock breaking system engaging. Other than these two issues I love my Acadia! I hope everyone else's issues are resolved quickly. 
I just love this car and I am very pleased with the quality and service I have received. I get in the car and it seems like the car does all the driving for me, sometimes I forget where I am going and I miss my destination. Only thing I wish I had was XM radio, but other than that it has everything that I need. I am gonna upgrade with the same vehicle in a couple of years. GMC has once again out done themselves..Great job!
We like our 2007 Acadia. It would be love if not for the annoying vibration of the steering wheel/column and the constant "whiny sound" coming from the transmission or steering wheel. Gas mileage is terrible, even worse after we had the computer software update. Moving east and will soon be shopping for AWD. If GMC doesn't get its act together with this steering column/transmission issues, the Honda Pilot might be our next new vehicle purchase. 
Traded in a Yukon SLT for this vehicle. Very happen with the driveability of the Acadia. Mileage is not as advertised nor all that much better than a Yukon. Drives more like a car than a truck. Have had mini vans, this has almost the same amount of storage space. Have had seals replaced on transfer case already for leaking. Also had a time on freeway where I had to kick it down to passing gear and absolutely nothing happened - could have been a potential hazard. Update to vehicle electronics afterward may have rectified problem.
We wanted a fun and stylish car with lots of room but without the big SUV feel and poor gas mileage. We found it in our Acadia. It's a perfect fit for our family and is super for road trips.
My wife loves the car but I am still not sure. I am a large man and I am not very comfortable in the driver seat. It is somewhat cramped and I have to lower it down and slide it all the way back to get any room. There are some issues with the front tire sensors constantly saying check tire pressure or icey roads may occur even when it is warm and tires are inflated properly. Our oldest child has very little room in the third seat and it is not easy to get to the oil filter when servicing. Also a little big for the transmission, seems to shift very frequently or seems to be under a load constanly. A/C is not up to par 
The ride & handling of this SUV is not as good as my previous SUVs, ie the Honda Pilot or Landrover Disco II, but the interior space & layout more than make up for that. This is an SUV built more for the riders than the driver. The engine is a bit lacking in power due to the weight, & an average of 14 mpg city & 17 mpg on the hwy is a bit disappointing. 
I am looking now to buy another. Fuel economy 19.7 in town 24.3 on highway. Simply a pleasure to drive and not afraid to move 6/7 people. Have not had one problem with Acadia. Would suggest staying with front wheel drive after driving first winter, no traction problems and better mileage. Quiet ride and have to watch the speed as it likes to get down the highway very good responsiveness. 
I really like this SUV because of the size and special features. We did have the power steering pump replaced within the frist three months, Which wasn;t really a big deal. In the fourth month of ownership, this SUV became demon posessed. Brake light comes on with a very loud beeping that does not stop and the park assist light flashes that the park assist is off. Three trips to the dealership and they still can't fix this problem! The only way to stop this is to pull off the road, set and release the park brake. the plus side to this is that it only happens when it rains. four resets in one trip from NJ to NC. There is also water in the passenger floorboard when it rains.
I bought this car in June of '07. I transport my own three kids to and from school every day and often take a few extra to sporting events, music lessons etc. The kids love the space, the lift gate, radio/AC controls. I love the way it drives. It looks and feels sporty. The extra gadgets/gauges are convieniently placed. The road noise is low. Long road trips are actually fun with this car.
I purchased my Acadia 3 mo. ago and love it. We drove a 2 day trip from Texas to NYC with 4 kids was a little cramped. Do wish it came standard with hitch and luggage bars. Most people travel and this would be helpful. Paint does tend to chip easier than my old Envoy XL but, overall I am very happy with my new car. Had to make emergency trip for medical reasons and must say we got up to 125mph and was smooth as could be and handles like a dream. If your thinking on buying jump on it. I love mine.
After driving Volvos for the past 5 yrs, came back to GMC, worried about reliability, but the Volvo was also unreliable and expensive to repair, so here goes. Enjoying it so far. Opted for the 60/40 second row bench and am happy about that. Unless you are carrying a bunch of folks, the back seat goes unused anyway, so I either fold it or leave it up. The kids can't run between the seats either! Daughter is enjoying the DVD option and the rear controls are easy enough for a 4 year old to operate! 
We've had our Acadia since May '07, and we love it! Everyone who rides in it loves it as well. Our Acadia is comfortable and has a smooth ride. There are so many great things about this car that they far outweigh any negatives. The chrome accents in the interior look sharp but do sometimes reflect sun into your eyes. Initially had sluggish transmission, but GMC had software recall and since has been shifting much better. Gas mileage has improved since update as well; however, not as good as sticker rated mpg. Overall great choice. We're so pleased GM designed this vehicle. Great family car. Plenty room with sporty look and feel. Go test drive and you'll be hooked.
I love my Acadia but I'd love it a lot more if it was dependable. We bought this car to be the new family ride but 2 weeks after purchasing it, we started having problems. The car won't start at times and we need a jump to get it going. Once started runs fine. This is not a cold start problem and the battery has been replaced, and it still has problems. The dealership has been great trying to solve the problems but the manufacturer rep. and the car itself have been a little difficult. We have named our car "Sybill" and are now considering the "lemon law" to get it replaced. 
Traded a 1996 Suburban(that I loved) for the Acadia. Gave up a little room in the back for storage, but haven't really missed it. Our kids love the captain's chairs in the second row, and there is plenty of room in the third row for our teenager. Plenty of cup holders, and I like the seperate radio option for the back (headphones required). Many compliments on this vehicle. Looking forward to taking a long trip.
We found this vehicle to perform great in snow. It is a comfortable ride and has plenty of storage space. I like the fact it has plenty of room to get into the back seat. The wheel well is not located forward. The only item I can see that needs adjustment is the seat belts for the center person. They should be able to fold down after applying the seat belt. They stick right up straight into your backside making for an uncomfortable ride. Other than that the vehicle is perfect in every way.
We have had numerous problems with are Acadia. Leaks through the roof onto the head liner, rear wind shield wiper would not turn off for two days, electronic front passenger seat jerks when you adjust it backwards and forwards, and the gas tank is smaller than what I am used to. I took this vehicle on the east coast for work and was not satisfied with its acceleration or its gas mileage. Also if you crack the window when it is raining, the water just pours into the vehicle. Signed, not very satisfied.
I traded in a GMC Z71 4 WD for the 2007 Acadia. It is very different and took some getting used to but I have grown to love it. The only complain that I have is with the leather seats. They are very hard compared to the leather seats in the 2005 GMC truck. They were butter soft and I miss them. Otherwise, this is an awesome vehicle that I feel very safe in. 
The head rest are too small and are not comfortable, The AM/FM/OnStar antenna is to tall for a 6'6" garage- had to modify with nylon wire ties to park in garage. The six speed transmission has a difficult start on ice and snow. First gear is too low and there is no option to start out in second gear. Jerky ride on very bumpy road because of the low gearing. I should have rented this car to evaluate prior to purchase, I would have never have purchased this car. 
We traded a 2004 Yukon all wheel drive to get into this Acadia and my wife has never been happier. She loved her Yukon and did not realy want to get rid of it, but after one test drive of the Acadia she was sold, and I can say we could no be happier with the choice we made. I would recommend this ride to anyone that is looking supreme quality when it comes to ride, looks, and style.
It feels like a small swift SUV, but it has plenty of room for everyone to sit comfortable. We traded in a Lincoln Navigator and we are glad we did. Nothing against the Lincoln, but it was getting old 15mpg. we are definitely getting around 21-22mpg. So far very happy
Vehicle may ride nice, and has decent leg room, but plan on stopping for gas often. Routinely getting 12MPG. A full size 4x4 Avalanche in our driveway gets better gas mileage under the same driving conditions. My recommendation is to buy a real truck until GMC has the Acadia properly road tested.
Acadia in the shop 4 times in the first month of ownership. Finally got a New Transmission in a 400 mile vehicle. GMC would not buy back or help in any way. Sad b/c its a great concept with lots of room and decent gas milage to go along with its good looks.
We saw this car on the showroom floor, took it for a test drive and were completely overwhelmed with ride quality, comfort and styling. It's the most stylish vehicle we've ever owned with features we thought we would never be able to afford in an automobile. The dashboard and console are nicely designed with all controls at your fingertips. The dual sunroof is really cool, letting in plenty of light. Radio controls in the back are great for tailgate party's and there's plenty of space for storage in the back. This summer, we towed a 19 foot boat and a storage area full of gear from behind the front seats to the rear tailgate with no loss of power, handling or ride quality.
This has been one of the best vehicles I have ever owned, and to my surprise I can't get over how much my wife enjoys driving this big cross-over vehicle. It seems when ever we are either stopped or parked there is always someone looking at and admiring our Acadia. We look forward to our 1st long trip with our new Acadia in Jan. when we travel to Florida for 3mo. Thank you Gen. Motors. 
I recommend this vehicle to anybody who's looking for quality, class, comfort and safety. Plain and simple, the best vehicle we've ever had, ever.
The car performed wonderfully for the first 4K miles, but since then has been nothing but trouble. As many others have stated, the car began to leak from underneath the glove box due to a faulty hose leading from the sunroof. The car was in the shop 3 times for a total of 27 days before the leak was fixed. The emergency brake also malfunctioned due to a faulty switch, which was replaced and works fine now. Overall, most problems were minor, but have been quite a headache to deal with. Besides those issues, the car has been a blast to drive. It performed wonderfully on a trip to Florida recently, with an average highway mileage of 24.5mpg, and comfortably seated 5 adults plus luggage.
Our family loves the new Acadia, but it seems to be mysteriously accumilating miles. Our GMC dealer has been great, but since the transmission recall (campaign) the service department can not duplicate the problem. The problem appears to be in one or all three of the computers. GMC needs to figure this out fast. Until then, I would like them to buy back the vehicle.
Driving experience has been great. My wife and I love the vehicle, however the gas mileage has only been averaging 13.3 mpg. Had I known that I would have opted for the Suburban and put up with the cylinder shutoff stuff. However it has been a fantastic vehicle and I can only hope GM can keep building vehicles with the quality that this one has.
2007 Acadia AWD is Junk Run from it. The car broke down after 20 minutes owning it. SPent more time in the garage then with me. Then started to shut off while I am making turns on the highway for no reason. Got a replacement car which we paid more for and this car is doing the same thing. We are lucky no one got killed yet and GMC will not refund our money and they know this car is a death trap and I have 3 children endangering their lives by driving this crap.Unbelievable!! They put the new updates on it now the car is worse Keeps hesitating like its going to shut off then you get whiplash when you put the gas on. Some kind of hesitation.
I drive 40K/yr for business and pleasure. I need cargo room to haul large dogs and show equipment, and reliability. This car is roomy, comfortable, and fun to drive. It's quieter than any car I've owned, and feels like a luxury car, not an SUV. The gas mileage isn't great, but what do you expect from an AWD SUV? The onboard navigation, OnStar phone capability, and great sound system all add to the enjoyment of driving it. Quite simply, I love this vehicle!
This is by far the best automobile I have owned. I feel very safe and secure with what Acadia offers me and my family. It handles very well in curves and isn't top heavy like so many SUVs. I know it is a crossover but it is often mistaken for a SUV. The safety rating is out of this world. 
What else can I say but wow . What an awsomwe driving experience. This vehicle handles like no other I've owned. My wife drives this daily and this is the car we load the 4 kids and ourselves in on the weekends. (all kinds of room) The only thing I can say is that my hat is off once again to GMC for coming through with another winner. My family and I thank you.
I have been driving about three months with over 2000 miles on it. Prior purchasing my Acadia, I have also considered Honda's Pilot and Oddysey on this same year. I love Acadia's design, very comfortable. Many useful features on SLT1 vs. SLE model. Gas mileage seems to be more than what it said. My average combined city/highway mileage is 19 mi/g. I did take a long hours trip without stop and traffic. Highway mileage was about 24-25 mi/g. In city or during rush hour traffic, I could get upto 15- 16 mi/g. I really enjoy when driving my Acadia. Comfortable, quiete, sporty feel young compared to minivan.
They have thought of everything when designing this car. The V6 is enough power even with a full 6 passengers. We have the captains chairs which allows kids and adults to easily get to the back seat. The back seat seats 2 adults comfortably or 3 kids. Captain chairs are comfortable.
I love this car. I truly enjoy the feel of a crossover vehicle. I have gotten great mileage and no so great, but overall, I do just about as good as I did with the Pontiac a G6 that I had previously.
We purchased the Acadia after the birth of our first child. This was an excellent purchase. The set up of the interior is excellent for hauling a baby and all of the things they require. The privacy in the back with the tinted windows allowed me to feed her in privacy when not at home. The regular plug in also worked well for the breastpump. We have the 2 captains chairs and the bence 60 40 3rd row seat which is very easy to fold down (with one hand) to instantly create more cargo space,plus the automatic hatch opening is great when your hands are full. We have had no problems with it and really enjoy driving it.
I have had several high end Toyotas and Mercedes, this car has been one surprise after another. We get great gas mileage, it is extrememly comfortable (I have ridden in all seats). The performance is equal to our Solara convertable. We have taken several long trips and plan another around Christmas. My husband and I both love driving the car. I am stopped regularly and asked about the car. 
I like my Acadia AWD, but it does have some drawbacks. The gas mileage is no where near what it should be. I bought the vehicle thinking that the gas mileage was a bit better than my previous SUV 4wd, but it isn't. The continuous shifting on the CVT transmission eats gas. Another problem is the vehicle is extremely difficult to backup. There are many blind spots in this vehicle that should be looked at. If a small car comes up behind you and you can only see the roof, there is a definite problem. There are also blind spots where the front seats and door jams meet causing a big blind spot when looking out the passenger side window. I do like the size and comfort of the vehicle.
After 4500 miles we continue to be impressed with this car's comfort, room and style. It gets looks wherever we go. The blue-gold crystal metallic color is unique enough to have real eye appeal. Controls are easy to use, and fit and finish are higher than any previous vehicle we have owned. The towing package enables us to pull a 17' boat with no problem. Overall, this is a great car.
Originally I wasn't looking for an Acadia. I took it for a test drive and fell in love with it. I purchased it the next day. This truck handles like a car. It has a smooth ride and smooth turns. I didn't realize until my 3rd month how well it is with gas mileage. I was only disappointed when my front bumper dislodged partially even though I didn't hit anything. I took it to the body shop and they were able to snap it back into place. I just love this vehicle. I love the spacious interior. It rides 4 adults very comfortably. I have no complaints about reliability and comfort. I give this truck 4 out of 5 stars.
I have taken 2 thousand mile trips and several shorter ones this summer and have enjoyed the comfort and handling of this vehicle. Very stable ride, and reasonably good mileage to date. Lots of complements about its appearance even 4 months after purchasing. Have not used the OnStar phone feature much due to limited reception in our area
I have had my Acadia for 7 months now, and so far I am very pleased with it. 2 months after we bought it, we drove to NY from Northern VA and it fitted 4 adults (my brother and I are 6'4"), 2 babies (in car seats), stroller, suitcases, stuff for the kids, etc, all inside, and we were ALL comfortable! Smooth ride, easy to drive (drives like a compact car), lots of great features and nice finish inside. Fuel consumption (after the trip to NY) has been between 15 and 17 MPG, not bad for the DC Metro Area (it has only 4K miles). Easy to fold 2nd and 3rd rows. 
6000 Miles down and we love this vehicle. We moved from a minivan to this and what a difference. We have the White Diamond color with the Brick interior. It is really an eye catcher. We have had repeated compliments on the car. It is very nice looking. Ride quality is good, fuel economy fine, and we have found this car to be the most comfortable we've ever had. We took it on a 2000 mile road trip and I have never felt as relaxed driving long distance nor did I feel over tired after 8-10 hours of driving. The car has great handling and feels smaller than it is. Highly recommended. The only thing we haven't tested is snow performance. I'm curious how it will handle. 
Love my car! Got a White Titanium with the gray interior with the 19 inch wheels. Beautiful! Have had lots of folks wanting to look at it. Drives easy on short and long trips. Very comfortable. Lots of room for whatever I need. 
I was looking for a crossover for over a year. I first started with an Acura MDX. After seeing the Acadia on HGTV I researched it to death along with the Outlook. When it was time to buy I went back to look at the MDX and room wise there was no comparison. Although everyone said the Acadia and Outlook were the same the Acadia is a little beefier. We got all options and use all of them. My husband says I am driving around in my living room. We are more than pleased with this vehicle.
After enjoying my Envoy for nearly 90,000 miles, the Acadia has been a great step forward in size, economy and ride. My only dislike is the transmission's desire to get into overdrive too early and wanting to stay there too long. This makes driving using the cruise control unpleasant with frequent agressive down shifting on even very small increases in grade. Two computer updates have helped significantly but the frequency of the shifting is still quite annoying. One other design flaw for me ,is the inability to open the rear gate window. Makes bringing long items home more of a challenge. It will be interesting to watch the developement of this vehicle over the next few years. 
We are overwhelmingly pleased with our new 2007 Acadia. After owning several new SUV's of different makes and models the Acadia surpasses them all! A totally different experience in the "SUV World". My husband drives a pickup and I drive the family SUV, but now when we go on an evening out, trip, etc., my husband jumps in behind the wheel of our Acadia. If we have friends that are joining us, he always offers to pick them up! What a switch! I wish everyone in the "SUV World" would test drive an Acadia. They would experience what I am talking about! The Acadia is certainly a new experience for us and I am sure we will continue to purchase them in the future. 
The comfort of the car is outstanding, but it does not get close to the 26 mpg on the highway as advertised and it is extremely slugglish going up any type of hill or passing a vehicle. We did take it to the dealership, but they couldn't find anything wrong. Also the radio system, a Bose, is good but you can't distinguish the back speakers from the front. The folding down of the 3rd seat is really easy.
I had never heard of this crossover when I was looking to replace my 2003 Rendezvous, I had almost given up on current SUV models when I stumbled on this perfectly equiped Acadia on the dealer's floor. Aside from the minor problem with the transmission downshifting, I'd put this ahead of any other crossover on the market. Why doesn't GMC do more to market these?
I absolutely love this car. I don't feel that it's a big vehicle, even though it is quite large. I recommend this car to everyone that has a minivan and hates them.
Great vehicle, howevver transmission is a disaster. MPG is bad. FM reception is bad. HUD (heads up display) works intermittently. Seats get uncomfortable on long trips. Hands free calling is poorly thought out. Bluetooth would be a better option. Turn by Turn Navigation downloads fail often. 
I love my Acadia. Super comfy, super safe. Had brand new Ford Expedition, only 1 yr old, traded in because Ford is not reliable. I also had a new Tahoe, not comfortable at all. This vehicle has a lot more space than you'd think. I have 2 children in car seats, plenty of room. Bought the vehicle because it has 10 airbags. I get compliments all over the place about what a sharp looking vehicle it is. My only complaint is that I have no A/C controls for the back seat within my reach while I'm driving. I have to stop and reach back to adjust it, which can be a pain at times. There should be controls in the front and the back. Besides that, I love teh Acadiaand plan on keeping it
Unfortunately my two month old Acadia was already hit pretty hard ($6000+damage) and it took it so well. Everyone at the scene could not believe it held up so well. The other car was totalled. I love this car and can't wait to get it back. We got all the features we wanted and for an unbeleivable price. It feels so much bigger inside than it looks on the outside, but it still drives like it is small, I love that.
Drives well for the first 2000 miles, gas mileage 22 on the road,14 on lots of up and down roads in the NC mountains which is not bad. Comfort of seats very good with lumbar, lots of storage, removed 3rd seats and rear storage compartment (for the trip) which provides additional room for everything your bringing along due to added height (about 8")in the rear area. The optional method of shifting manually while in low range seems to work well in the mountains on steep grades. Fuel gauge seems to operate in correctly when parked on hills, giving false reading lower than it actually is. Once it is driven for a while it returns to correct operation. 
I drive approx 100 mi per day as a delivery vehicle, lots of idleing time, and average 15 mpg. Thats OK for a 4500 lb comfortable vehicle. Can hardly wait to go on a trip. The chrome dash ac vents reflect in the rear view mirror and is somewhat distracting. 
Bought on July 4, 2007, it is now Aug 7. Compared many cars including very expensive imports like Lexus and Infiniti. This car doesn't look too large but IT IS!! Heavy! Safe!! You can carry a lot! Bought the most expensive model. This is a wonderful car! Does not lean in turns like our old SUV. No problems at all so far. Did not notice the glare (other reviewers). This car has many premium features, see some below. It all works just fine, at a reasonable price, too! Just ecstatic about this purchase, recommend this car highly!
We traded in our 2005 Yukon for this vehicle. We're not sorry we did. The interior and exterior are nicely put together. It seems like GM is finally trying to do things right. It is fun and comfortable to drive. Overall, we're pleased with the vehicle, but think some things can be improved on. First, the mileage, while better than the Yukon, is not what they advertise it to be. Second, the sun visors are useless for sun coming in from the side. These need to be longer or have an extender built in. Last, the Navigation system DVD is not perfected. The unit keeps freezing up. We have had out unit replaced twice now.
We rented this for 4 days, and I must say, GM has come a long way from my Dads 1991 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme. This one had pretty much everything except navigation. Drove very nice, Good acceleration, but the transmission seems to want to shift up too quick. Radio lacks treble. Build quality could be better, some really badly aligned panels on side of seat (rubs console when moving seat). Remote start wouldn't work consistently. Fuel economy seems low, used about 3/4 tank in about 200 miles (a/c on always). Handles good for a large car. Too much chrome inside, looks a bit cheap. Ugly Tail-light design (like the LED though). 2nd row seat folding design seems fragile, may not last.
I love this SUV! So roomy and fun to drive. Gas mileage could be better but pretty much what I expected. Love the dual sunroof, the third row seats that lay down flush when needed, and the feel of the drive. Many looks come my way when I drive it and I can't get my husband to drive his truck now! He always wants to drive my Acadia! 
First let me say that I absolutely love my Acadia - but hate the performance and mileage. I thoroughly researched and special ordered one. I have to admit that I did not heed prior reviewers' warnings about the mileage and the sluggish transmission, so I take responsibility for my disappointment. I test drove 4 different Acadias and rented one for a weekend and never experienced nearly as bad mileage or the very sluggish response when it is needed most. The closest I can compare it to is a clogged air filter or fuel line. I had it checked and was told it was operating perfectly. If mileage and performance are high on your priority list, you should look elsewhere. If not, you'll love this car!
After having the Acadia for for 6 months still love it. Made 2 trips to NY from Flordia. was great too drive and was the most comfortable of all the vehicles I've owned. GM definitely outdid all the competition with this crossover. Looking at getting a second Acadia when I trade My Pontiac GXP in early 2008. GM has put pride back in building and owning an American vehicle.
We were shopping BMX X5 and Lexus RX350 and ended up with an Acadia! We just happened to hear about the Acadia and in head to head test drives, we preferred it. To be honest, we were surprised even though we also have had great experience with a Yukon we got several years ago. With the Acadia, we found the combination of vehicle style, features, smooth and quiet ride, etc that just was everything we were looking for. We now have gone on one 10 day vacation and have 4K miles on the Acadia and we like it more and more every day. Not one defect to date! With our last car (German), we had 6 defects within the 1st month. A tip of the hat to GMC for the Acadia!
Long story short, 4cyl short bed 2wd automatic. 6500 miles and regardless of ethanol blend or 100% fuel AND smooth acceleration AND following speed limits, 15mpg. Yes, 15 mpg and 17 highway. that is completely pathetic. My 110,000mi 4x4 4.0 liter cherokee did better. Why compromise with a 4cyl and get worse mileage than my friends 4x4 3/4 ton 6.0 liter with 4.10 axle ratio. Upon taking in for service, service advisor reports that everything is as it should be and that is just what mileage they get. Needless to say, that is completely pathetic. I and my family have ALWAYS owned GM vehicles. I guarantee this will be my last. I have never been this let down with a vehicle out of the 60+ ive had
Truck lacks in the power department, especially after putting any larger wheel/tires on. I added exhaust, high performance plugs, throttle body spacer, and knn air filter which all helped quite a bit. Exterior design is fabulous great looking truck. The auto locker in the rear is a great thing to have has saved me a lot especially being 2w. Interior with the vinyl floor is nice and easy to keep clean no carpet to worry about staining. Seats are uncomfortable @ best. Handles very well around corners. Manual version has low towing capacity.
Good truck but very basic. Drive daily commute to work of 60 miles round-trip. Comfort is minimal compared to Ford Sport-Trac. Wide stance gives stable ride but very noisy inside. Needs better sound- proofing and door gaskets. Hard to see ignition key due to big steering wheel center. Hard to find and connect to the power outlets beneath the dash. Needs interior storage behind seats and read seat headrests block vision out back window. 
Always owned Toyota's bought this because it was cheap, and had a lot of power out of the 4 cylinder. Motor is weak, unless heavily gouged. A lot of cheap features inside, check engine light comes on all the time, cheap plastic bumper cracked and fell off. Seat in uncomfortable at best. Lot of cab room but the cheap interior kinds of kills that
I bought my SLE Crewcab, 5 cyl., auto, 4x4 last August, worked it hard this past record snowfall winter. The 4wd and locking rearend made it unstoppable. The truck listed at $25.6K, after rebates, dealing, and GM points, paid $18.5K before tax. This was about $10K less than Toyota or Nissan. I do mainly city driving, short trips, only 3-4K miles/year, so mpg is not a great concern. I am not surprised that it wasn't hitting the epa ratings considering the few miles on the truck, short trips, cold weather, and use of 4wd.
Yeah, I'll admit I wanted a Tacoma xtra-cab, but, I bought an American truck with more features, and at a better price. Yes, the fit and finish is not the same as Toyota, but it is close. My only complaint is freeway wind rush coming from the drivers side 1/2 door (which isnt much). If you have the sunroof (which I think is pretty cool, no one else has it...) you need a wind deflector. Yes, the interior is simple, but I didnt think it was cheap looking. The factory 6 disc player cranks pretty good too. The 2.9l! is the best 4 cyl I ever sat behind, and it gets damn decent mileage. $8000 less than a Tacoma! I have enough left over to buy a new Titus Mtn. Bike...
My truck is a SLE Ext. Cab 3.7 5 cyl. Automatic Trans. The web site does not give this choice. I drove a Nissan Frontier for 2 months and there is no reason to get the Nissan. This truck is quiet and has a much better ride. Fuel milage is better by 3 MPG, city. Engine is smooth and refined. I have loaded the bed with mulch and dirt and the ride was good and there was plenty of power. The seats in the back are only for children. This truck has side air bags which are not found in other trucks this size. I also mounted a BOSS snowplow to this and it plows like a full size. The locking rear end is also excellent and not found on any other truck this size. The truck is a tank in snow and mud. 
This is my first Canyon and I love it. It has great towing capability and I get a lot of standard features on a base model like remote keyless entry, cruise control, and intermittent wipers. I also opted for XM satellite radio. This is great, because Toyota makes you pay extra on the Tacoma for keyless entry and cruise control. Canyon even gives me a leather wrapped steering. 
I would absolutely recommend the Canyon. Great horsepower and towing capacity for a smaller truck. Quiet ride and excellent quality from the Profressional Grade Division of General Motors. Makes the Tacoma look silly.
Overall an excellent vehicle. Very fun to drive. I expected a little bit better gas mileage given the 5 cyl. only getting 19 MPG, same as my full size truck got! interior comfortable front seat, wish the passager side seat had the lumbar support like the driver. The interior could have used some courtesy lighting for at night, can't find anything in the dark without having to turn on the dome light. Given the size of the competitors small trucks GM could have given the crew cab a longer bed than the 5 feet. I wish the rear seats had just a little more angle to the backs of the seats just a few degrees too vertical. Overall nice quiet ride. i would reccomend to others
Nice quiet ride, smooth shifting automatic. The good ends there. Unless you opt for the $500 power package available on upscale or special order vehicles, there is no way to unlock the passenger door from the outside. Unsafe and inconvenient. The front has 4 cup holders, but none hold a 1 liter water bottle or adjust. In the extended cab, the rear seat cup holders do hold a 1 liter water bottle. With standard upholstery the seatbacks do not recline. Seems GM could have made the tilt-forward access handle on the seatback recline as well. Unless you get an upscale model I would think before buying this vehicle due to the inconvenience factor. 
Drastic improvements needed with cup holders - terrible wind noise - larger brake pedal - seat belt B pillar should be adjustable. Good power good audio difficult GPS system throw it out and start over. Use Mapqwest as a model. Nice interior fit and finish. Easy to drive and park. Inadequate sn visor size Use same as Tahoe. In general its a pretty good car with all the goodies but definitely NOT professional grade.
This is the 6th SUV I have owned. The others were Fords. I hesitated buying the car because of some review I read but I liked the looks of it so I bought it anyway. I have been extremely happy with the car. It drives and rides well. I have the Denali so it has about everything on it. I wouldn't call it a workhorse but in the Oregon where I live it fits the needs of the typical small family. 
I have to say, I went from a VW New Beetle to this beautiful GMC vehicle. I've only owned Chevy's in the past (excluding my short stint with the Bug), and I am so pleased that I purchased this SUV. No, the gas mileage isn't the greatest, but the satisfaction and pure enjoyment that I get out of driving everyday makes up for it. I hope to have this car well over the 100k mileage mark as I travel from duty station to duty station across the U.S. I am a proud owner of this GMC! 
We've had mostly fords,after 10 yrs with a 97 GMC Safari AWD & no issues we decided to look at GMC. Our 96 Lincoln continental 96 was nothing but trouble & poorly built so we didn't consider Ford. We tried the new Saturn Outlook and found it to be "too large" & the cost w/options too high. We test drove the Toyota Highlander & offroad Toyota as well as the Nissan SUV. The Toyota was souless & they wouldn't negotiate. The Nissan was ok but the interior was bland. We chose the Envoy Denali because we wanted the towing capability, durability of a truck and the better fuel mileage the Denali's 8 cylinder with 4 cylinder cutout offered. We average 18 in city and 22 hywy. 1 yr later we r 100% hapy
I bought this SUV because I was really drawn to the style and outside appearance of the vehicle I also fell in love with the interior. I have leased Nissan vehicles in the past and my husband talked me into looking at GMC. I thought it was everything I wanted in an SUV so we purchased the SUV instead of leasing. I travel on the highway 90% of the time and I was so disappointed in the wind noise of this vehicle I knew something had to be wrong. Why would you make such a classy vehicle and forget about quality. After taking it to the dealership three time we were told nothing is wrong with the vehicle that is just the quality of GMC. 
I purchased the Envoy after driving my 99 GMC Jimmy nearly 200000 miles. After test driving competitor models, I returned to GMC for a vehicle with more features and more for my money. The Envoy has been flawless in performance. The mileage isn't the greatest but accelerating easy has me exceeding the estimated mpg. I am getting 16.5 mpg city and 22-23 highway. The Envoy has good visibility and drives off road reasonably well. I am still impressed by how comfortable the seats are. Storage and space is impressive. GMC just needs to add some of teh features of the Acadia and they will have the perfect mid size SUV.
I just love this car. It's like driving a Cadillac on a GMC budget. Quiet, powerful and handles like a sports car. It stops on a dime, corners better than any SUV I've ever driven and sticks to the road like glue even on rain-slicked highways. With it's high body placement, I have no problem driving on construction sites and don't have to worry about driving through a heavily rocked area or up/down a dirt embankment. My last vehicle was a 2004 Buick Rainier. This is the same GM body but it is miles ahead of the Rainier in every catagory. If you want a truck with class and comfort, this is your ride.
The Envoy is great ride and good companion for the midern mom with kids. Even though it has it ups and downs.
The Envoy performs very well. It is Great on handling and is roomy. The Navi and back seat radio and air conditioning only make it better.
The Envoy Denali is a pleasure to drive because of it's luxury and performance. Build quality is outstanding and the option packages include the DVD and Nav systems. Even though the Envoy is going to be replaced by the Acadia, it's still a great vehicle at an affordable price. I love the creature features and the safety and security of the front and side air bags.
I was very hesitant to purchase the Envoy because I was driving an extremely reliable 2007 Toyota FJ Cruiser at the time. The FJ Cruiser was a fun vehicle to own, but there were a lot of design flaws I could not get past. Most of all, the suicide doors made it very difficult for people to get in and out of the back seat. The Envoy provides such a quiet and comfortable ride. My wife and I carpool to work most of the week, and we look forward to our morning and afternoon drives in our Envoy. I am fairly sure that the next car I purchase will also be a General Motors vehicle. I encourage anyone that is shopping for a safe and comfortable SUV to test drive the Envoy. 
I bought mine 1 year ago and now have 31000 miles on it. I have had all kinds of cars and one other SUV in the past 25 years ranging from Fords to Mercedes. The comfort is fantastic. The ride is solid, secure, sure,and quiet. You get behind the wheel and you feel safe, confident, and in command. It is not fun but I do not think it was meant to be. It is hardly a sports car. But, if you want something that is comfortable on the road for long stretches, solid, safe, roomy, powerful, versatile, this is it. Even my dog loves riding in the back (sometimes with one of his friends). I recently drove it from NY to NC and back with my fiancee and her son. The drive was so easy. I just love it. 
After many weeks of searching the internet for the perfect vehicle for me, I finally chose the GMC Envoy. Not only did I love the looks, but the ride is very quiet and smooth. 
I was hesitant to by an American made car since I always have driven a Toyota but so far I have been very impressed. The Envoy is very comfortable, has great pick up and go while sustaining very little road noise. So far, I am really impressed.
This is my second Envoy, my first was a 2002. It had massive engine problems at 2000 miles and after I totaled it from hitting a deer, I got a new one. I primarily got it for the high comfort great looks. It has little problems that make it spend days at the shop. It has also lost most of its value over the 5 months I've owned it. I would not buy another but I would rather buy an American car rather than some Honda or Toyota.
After driving a '98 Tahoe for 9 years, with its poor brakes, poor gas mileage, and sloppy handling, it has been a real pleasure to experience the performance of my 2007 Envoy Denali. The 5.3 litre V8 out performs the 5.7 in my 98 by far and the gas mileage is at least 30% better around town. I haven't found anything I don't like about the car. Well, just one, no glove box light.
Purchased new the day after big snowstorm.The 4WD is awesome and unobtrusive - really gets the job done. Also took from Ohio to Florida and back, great road vehicle. Fuel economy didn't suffer despite speeds of, well, lets just say well north of 70 MPH during the entire trip. Tire pressure monitor system saved our bacon when we picked up a screw in a tire in GA. The alert allowed me to change the tire before it went down and destroyed itself. Really nice vehicle. This thing has awesome legroom. I'm 6" and can totally stretch out. 
I bought it 03/23 I have about 2050 miles and they are excellent miles. This is a road machine, you set up in a commanding position, ride comfort and handling prowess are all superior, It has a very confident and agile feel to it while rolling down the highway, has 18? wheels and responses very well to rapid moves. The inline 6 cy 4.2 liter w\291hp is extremely responsive when you need it. The Envoy is a very quiet ride, wind and road noise are minimal. 
I bought it 03/22 I have about 2200 miles and they are excellent miles. This is a road machine. You sit up in a commanding position. Ride comfort and handling prowess are superior. It has a very confident and agile feel to it while rolling down the highway. Has 18? wheels and responds very well to rapid moves. The inline 6 cy 4.2 liter with 291hp is extremely responsive when you need it. The Envoy is a very quiet comfortable ride. Wind and road noise are minimal. Gas mileage is not bad. This is an outstanding vehicle for the price.GMC has built a quality vehicle with quality parts. Fit and finish is second to none in its class
I was very impressed with the comfort and performance of the 2007 Envoy, so I bought it. It drives very smooth and my kids enjoy the ride in the back seat. Even on railroad tracks or on pot holes, you almost do not feel the bumps. I am impressed with the fuel economy even though it has a lot of power. Excellent air conditioning for the hot summers. Great vehicle for the price, you won't get a better deal.
I would highly recommend purchasing an Envoy Denali. I test drove a Toyota, Honda, and Nissan and were really dissapointed their quality of exterior styling, ride and handling, and est EPA. I love the 100,000 warranty, XM satellite radio and how quietly it drives with all that power!
I would absolutely recommend an Envoy. The guy on the next review who can't figure out the NAV should take a second and read the owners manual. My 8 year old read the manual and figured out the NAV in 10 minutes. I have not had one problem with my Envoy. The quality is outstanding and it drives excellent. Compared to the Toyota, my Envoy is affordable, looks great, and I feel very safe driving it. GMC gives me a 100,000 mile warranty, and sends someone to fix my flat tire, for free! Now that's professional grade.
Compared Rendezvous, Buick's new Acadia, and TrailBlazer. I was looking for smooth ride, and a vehicle that felt like if I step on the gas I wasn't taxing the vehicle. \As soon as I test drove this I said "this is it!" Traded a 2005 Nissan Pathfinder LE with 30000 miles, don't miss it at all! Tried some foreign models, never felt like I had a solid car. You must try this vehicle if you are looking for a SUV. Not too big, not too small. My husband liked it so much, he traded his 2006 Ford for a new GM Sierra. We will keep these for a long time. Both have the solid feel 40 somethings are looking for. Paid about the same as low and mid end foreign vehicles. Got better ride and quality.
Test drove Ford Expedition, Explorer, Edge along with testing Nissan, Toyota among others. GMC Envoy Denali had the best comfort, get up and go, and look of all the rest. I chose the CD changer and kids love the entertainment system. XM satellite also complements vehicle. Drives nice and quiet.
I absolutely love driving this vehicle. That V8 w/302 horses under the hood ensures your entry onto the highway is a seamless transition. The ride is extremely comfortable and quiet. It rides just as smooth as my 2006 Lexus GS300 AWD! This is a well built vehicle with nice amenities. The Nav system does eliminate the 6 disc CD, however, I never listen to CDs in the car. I listen to my XM satellite radio. My wife and I test drove all the competitor's product and decided to purchase the Denali. What a great decision! 
I really enjoy this vehicle. I personally like the nav system and don't really care about the whole "CD" issue. Oh by the way, I also own an '06 Lexus GS300 AWD and my wife owns an '06 RX330 and neither one of us listens to CDs. We do however enjoy our subscriptions to XM satellite radio. I test all the competitors products and found that the Denali was equivalent to the 4Runner, Pathfinder and the other American products as well. I love driving this vehicle. I drove it from Herndon, VA to Knoxville, TN and it performed extremely well and was a very comfortable ride. 
An excellent all around vehicle. Very nice ride and very comfortable. Rides like a luxury car 
The Envoy Denali is far better than the Toyota Highlander and Honda Pilot that I drove for years. The Highlander and Pilot are so ugly, and the quality was questionable.. I thought Toyota and Honda were supposed to have good quality? The Envoy Denali has superior performance. The wood trim looks far more premium and the chrome looks fantastic! I will never go back to a Japanese vehicle again.
You hear all the hype about GMC being "Professional Grade", don't believe it. I purchased an '07 Envoy with a Nav System. This Nav system is a waste of money. It is DVD based like most, but the one thing that GMC did that all other makersdecided not to do was to only allow the in-dash unit to accept one disc at a time! For a $2000 option, don't waste your money if you want to Nav and listen to your CDs! Get the 6-disc in- dash and buy a TomTom or Garvin that rides on the dash. It is cheaper and better that way!
I think this SUV for the money is very well built. If you look at other American SUV's costing way more, I think the SLT 4x4 Envoys are about the best out.
i recently purchased this 97 crew cab. it is awesome. traded in my 99 classic style sierra 1500 which i purchased new in 99. this truck is much better in style and power than my classic 99.i owned the 99 for 10 yrs and hardly ever had a problem with it. thats what sold me on staying with the gmc. was looking at switching to the new tundra until gmc changed the style of the new sierra. it is awesome. a real mans truck now.
When I ordered this truck,it was my 3rd GMC.When it came off the truck,I was there and thought WOW,what a truck.And then after 7 visits to the dealer,and 20 different issues. My latest problem will be the end of my GM problems.It burns almost 2qts of oil in 1000 miles.And GM says there not sure why.Valvetrain noise,is also issue.They actualy asked me to do a oil consumtion test.And if that isnt strange enough,now they want my dealership to take it on a trip,to do there own test.
I bought this truck brand new and have been sorry for it. I had it in the shop like 10 times in the first 1.5 years. I would really have to think hard before buying another GM product, even GM customer rep's did very little to help resolve my issues. radio replaced, remotes replaced, one speaker blew out ( now another has blown out ), power steering unit replaced, cross member bar repaired, tie rods replaced, motor mount replaced, body mount replaced, steering shaft serviced, something in steering wheel broke, and rear seat was unstitched when bought! 
I've had this truck for just about a year, it replaced a 2002 Chevy Silverado. Nimble footed, powerful,well able to keep up with daily work requirements and still feel like you riding in a luxury SUV. Power to spare when towing (we have a 28' power boat) you have to look in the rear view to remind yourself the boat and trailer are still there. Mileage is great hwy/city. thus far very pleased with the choice of GMC.
My last truck was a 1997 F-150 4wd extended cab and it was the best riding truck that I have ridden in including Chev and GMC and it had 187,000 with NO problems. I purchased thw 2007 1500 Sierra in April 2008 and I could not have made a better decision. This crew cab rides and handles like a sports car, it has the Z71 package which is too firm in some situations but excellent in others. I have recommended this truck to many of my friends who are Ford and Dodge lovers, three have swithed and are very happy.
 The gas consumption is terrible. 14 mph not driving over 55. The tire monitoring system we can do without it. The split seats are uncomfortable, what was wrong with the bench seat. With the new design there is no room behind the seat for any items. The jack cannot be replaced to its position behind the passenger seat without being a contortionist. The jack is totally inadequate I used it once and was fearful the truck would fall. I found a scissor jack at a thrift to replace the factory jack. The controls for the ac are way to exotic. Don't need auto head lights, I know when it dark, the truck and controls are just too complicated. I am one sorry dude for buying this. I want my 94 GMC back 
Good solid truck. Looks good going down the road drives even better handles well. The leather interior worth every penney. We us it for our buisiness and pull a trailer often. It pulls like there is nothing behind it. It also pulls our RV agian sometimes I forget I have the trailer hooked up strong truck. I wanted the 6.0 but the dealer could not find one that met my other requirements. Smaller engine pulls well but works hard on grades.Cab is so air tight that I have to roll the windows down to close the doors to keep them from rattling.
I looked forward to this truck arriving and haven't been disappointed. I like everything about my truck. Size, handling, performance. I am in the process of customizing the truck and there's not a lot I have to do. From four wheeling in the snow to pulling a large trailer to zipping down the highway, this truck's got getup and control. The only complaint I have is that the bottm half of the fuel tank disappears in a hurry, but for a 5.3 it's not all that bad. So far I've only experienced minor adjustments.
vehicle is rated at 16 in city, 20 on hwy. Expected 15 in city and 18 on hwy. Realistically am getting approx 12.4 city and 16.5 on hwy. Have checked several times. Good, conservative driver aged 77. Driving GMC trucks for 18 years. Best overall truck for quality, performance, and resale. 
This is a great truck. It's just not as much truck as the 2000 Chevy it replaced. I've had to wait to long to be able to get accessories like a cap, cruise control. To replace the radio is way over the top to deal with as all the electric in the dash go through the radio.
I have had it for a year and love it. Small annoyances are sound of air leak behind passenger seat, seats do not tilt forward enough to get access to storage, seat material difficult to clean (lint). Really wanted leather but not available in this size. Gas mileage is still 16 mpg, my Yukon (2007) with 5.3 is 18? Go figure! 
I previously owned an F150 that had no problems at all. This was my first GM product. When the honeymoon period wore off, it lost its luster. The heater fan quit in the dead of winter, and the transmission needed to be worked on. Both repairs left me with loaner vehicles for a long period of time. Not convienent. I guess my first GM experience hasn't sold on me.
I purchased this truck new in late of 07 and loved the body style. I have owned Chevrolet trucks before and this is my first GMC truck and I love it. Sad to say a woman ran a red light four months ago and took my bumper and grille off it wasnt bad damage just cosmetic. When the woman hit me at 55mph it felt like I hit a pot hole it, I had to make sure I was hit. This truck took a hit and kept on going the body and frame is so strong and well built, I have it back now and I missed it very much. I have the 4.8 engine and was cautious about the engine since my last truck had a 350 and was a powerhouse but the engine has really been great. This truck is my favorite I plan to keep it a long time.
Gmc decided to fix enginne instead of replacing truck, it had about 2000 miles on it when problem first appeared. It sounded like a vibration coming from exhaughst system, mechanics knew what problem was as soon as they heard it. Flat spot on crankcase. Rebuilt lower end, and gave me a 6 year 90000 mile warranty. BIG DEAL.
The interior is the best I have ever seen in a pickup. The ride is strong and smooth and the steering tight. I have the Z71 2WD so it looks like a 4wd but cost a lot less. I added a K&N airfilter, flowmaster exhaust and a leveling kit to add almost 2 inches of lift to the front end. It looks and sounds great and everyone always tells me how much they like the truck. The bottom line is this is the best all around truck I have ever driven.
My only complaint with this truck is the transmission. The transmission does not down shift right when you make low speed turns. I have gotten as high as 21 mpg on the highway with a few mods. I have installed cold air, programmer, and exhaust. My daily driving average is about 16 1/2 mpg. 
I bought the performance package which came with 20" wheels. Great traction on snow, ice, rain and dry pavement. Excellent acceleration. Definitely great fuel economy.
I have owned my '07 Denali for 10 months and 12k miles, and I am still in love with it. I can't find a fault. I've used it as a daily driver, and it's very comfortable and nice to drive. It serves as my hunting rig. I've pulled trailers, and hauled big loads, all with no issues. I've taken it on trips and it cruises great on the open hwy. The truck returns acceptable mileage given it's horsepower - I've averaged about 14.5mpg in mostly city driving. For those who like to tinker, I added a K&N cold air intake and a flowmaster dual exhaust, and while not necessary, these items added immensely to my enjoyment of the vehicle. You really should check out the GMC before buying a new truck.
I absolutely love my truck. Previously I had a Ford F150, but it was crap. I traded it in for my Sierra and I am so happy I did. I only had the Ford about three years and the trasmission was going out. 
I have always loved full sized American trucks, but leery to buy because of reliablity issues. I finally bought last Feb. and have not regretted it! My Sierra SLE 4 X 4 ext. cab is everything I dreamed it would be. A blast to drive, no problems. Well built and designed. The lift and 35" tires didn't help ride quality, but sure look good. The truck continues to turn heads. It isn't a speed demon, but the engine is strong and the transmission smooth. I chose the basic, no frills interior. I love it. Seems very durable. Even the cheap stereo sounds great. Had one rattle, which the dealer fixed, also "rollover sensor" light came on. Also fixed. This is my dream truck and wouldn't trade it for the world
I have had this truck 6 months now and I absolutely love it! My family has owned many GM trucks and this one is by far the best that they have ever produced. The power is excellent and the ride and drive are much better than you would expect to get from a truck. I wish that I would've gone w/ the Vortec Max package and gone w/ the SLE2 trim, but I am extremely happy with it and have no real regrets. I coonhunt and tow a jeep to go rock crawling and this truck is definately more than capable in both situations. It does seem to be alittle spin-happy in certain situations, but great in 4x4. The seats are hard to clean(lint roller). I looked hard at the other brands and they just fell short. 
One ten-minute test drive in icy conditions will tell you all you need to know about this truck's capabilities. The traction control and handling give the driver the confidence needed to get where you need to go even when faced with the brutal whiteout and drifting condition. Evidenced by a trip through Snoqualmie Pass when it was closed to tractor-trailer traffic. Two in the morning, no plows out, and 6- 8 inches of wet snow having fallen, and 100 feet visibility. My Sierra passed crawling traffic, breaking through lane burms with ease and control. In order for the driver to feel comfortable in those conditions, the truck has to transition between lanes without tipping or sliding. 
All in all a nice truck. 5.3 with flex fuel helps on the highway, but still not getting the 20-25 i wanted. The Flaw is vibration. THe truck was apparently designed to vibrate and bounce when driving on concrete when driving 40-60 mph. GMC has confirmed this and does not seemed concerned about this major safety issue. The ride on asphalt is wonderful, smooth, not a sound to be heard. The engine responds when needed and the interior leaves little to be desired.
I've had this truck now for 4 months and have been very pleased with it. Biggest complaint is the interior. The overall layout looks great (pure truck interior), but the seat material looks to be made from the same material as the headliner in my prev last gen Chevy-it collects lint and your clothes stick to it. The floor under the backseat in the ex-cab isn't flat like the crew-hard to stick two 10" subs under. The gas mileage is lower, but what do expect from a bigger/heavier truck-get 17.5/20.5. However, it is faster than the last 4.8L's I've owned-3rd one now. This has a great ride quality, is super quiet and looks wonderful. Definitely GM's best truck yet.
The fuel economy is as advertised. Switching to four-cylinders when cruising has yielded an average of 20- 22 mpg. In Montana, that is huge. We need 4x4 pickups that have this available power, comfort, and improved fuel economy for the obligatory long drives.
Overall I've been very pleased with my 2007 GMC Sierra SLT Z71 4X4 5.3 liter. Drives straight and true with a very tight feel. Steering is very responsive, exhaust tone is just aggressive enough but not annoying. With the Z71 suspension the ride is a little rough but that is to be expected. A friend has the handling suspension and his rides much better (but mine looks better!) Only complaint is the transmission seems to hesitate between 1st and 2nd if you've been slowing down (as approaching a stop light) and then attempt to accelerate without coming to a complete stop first (like when the light turns green before you get there). Also noticed the brakes squeal sometimes.
Just bought this truck. Already love it. Nothing like a GMC vehicle and love the Vortec engines. Still have a Bravada with a 178,000 miles on it doesn't use a drop of oil and runs like a champ. This 2007 is comfortable and has a great ride. Just hope it gives the same service my old Blazer and Bravada have given.
Love this truck. Power, comfort, styling. Have added super chip programmer cold air intake and magna flow muffler. Maybe future mods will be gears and a supercharger
I've wanted a pickup for years, but never thought it was practical for me. Then I had a certain birthday and thought I better get one while I can still enjoy it. I did a lot of research and narrowed it down to the Sierra and Toyota Tundra. I thought the Sierra was a better truck overall and was a better value. The quietness and build quality really reflect well on GMC really doing a "Professional Grade" job on this design. I'm lovin' every minute of owning this outstanding vehicle. I'm looking forward to a long hunting trip with my two sons in November and hopefully will bring some deer home in the bed.
Great looking truck on the exterior (except cheap paint is used) with lots of features, but only averaging 16 mpg even on long highway trips. Cheap interior all the way around - upholstery is the worst I have ever experienced in my life - it can't be cleaned with a vacuum and it is falling apart. I feel gypped because previous GM trucks had good upholstery. Carpeting is cheap, Plastic interior is very cheap, hard, and actually discoloring - the truck is only 6 months old! Even with all the problems - I still really like this truck! Strange whirring noises independent of engine, AC, brakes, or tires. I have no idea what fan could be so odd sounding upon starting and while driving.
Bravo! GMC has finally done it. What a truck. After owning over 30 GM trucks in the last 25 years I decided in 2001 that my next truck would be a Ford. Thought I would try one. After checking for recalls on the Sierra and the 150 I was very sceptical about the Ford. Drove them both. No contest. Boy trucks have really changed in the last few years. The improvements and appointments of this truck are far to numerous to itemize here. GMC has redefined the term, "Base Truck". This is the first truck I have ever owned that I was 100% pleased with. It is a good value, fair price, great truck. Ford is way behind this truck, Dodge is a joke. Bravo GMC!
I traded in an '04 Silverado Crew Cab for the new GMC Sierra Crew Cab. I bought the GMC because I don't care much for the front end on the new Silverado. My new Sierra rides better and is very quiet. GM did a great job with the interior layout and instrument panel. The Sierra feels bigger and more solid on the road compared to my last truck. There was a great deal of thought put into the design of this new model. I purchased the SLE package with two add on options; 17 inch aluminum wheels and raised white letter tires. This truck has everything on it that I wanted. The current incentives being offered by GM were also a determining factor in the timing of my purchase. 
All of my life I have owned Chevrolets and never considered buying a GMC because of the price difference. I splurged this year and paid the extra cost for the GMC and I now see the difference. The cab is so much quieter, the ride is so much better, and you can definitely see the "Professional Grade" that is advertised! I reccommend this truck to everyone but their is a considerable price increase over the standard Chevy truck.
The GMC Sierra 1500 with the 5.3L or 6.0L engine equipped with Active Fuel Management; has the same problem as the old nightmarish V8-6-4. GM does not have a program that can fix this problem. Don't be fooled! They have done it again. Do yourself a favor and by a 2500 series with the 6.0L without the active fuel management. Just make sure you have enough money for gas.
I traded in a 07 Dodge 2500 Cummins. I wasn't pulling as much. Surprised that every day I like the truck even more. Gorgeous truck just hope that the mileage goes up. 700 miles on it averaged 17 on highway. 
So far I have been very happy with this truck. I have the vortec Max so I have the 6.0 engine and beefed up transmission, locking rear end, suspension, and brakes. Highly recommended.
This truck looks beautiful. All the lines look great. I previously owned an F150, which was a really good truck. As a Ford guy, I was reluctant to try a GM truck because I had never been impressed with GM's previous trucks. I have to say that I am very happy with the GMC and the new style. It is quiet on the road, and the mileage hasn't been too bad for a pickup. There is no comparing this to any of GM's old pickups. I would definitely recommend this truck.
I purchased the 2wd crew cab w/ 5.3, SLE1, and 20 inch rims. Extremely pleased with purchase. I've owned all other brands including GMC before and this is the best truck I have ever owned/driven. Debated GMC vs. Toyota for months but went with GMC due to inside/outside looks and GMC mileage better. Toyota has very nice truck but GMC hit the mark w/ this one. The 20 inch rims make the truck as far as looks concerned. Get the remote start, this is my first vehicle with remote start and now I wouldn't by another vehicle without it. I can start truck from inside restaurant and truck is nice and cool inside when I go to put kids in car seats. I'm starting to feel really spoiled in this thing. 
This is the best truck I have ever owned! It was between this truck or 2007 Tundra crewmax 5.7, Once I test drove both trucks, there was no questions who the winner was. The power on this truck Is awesome, it has a lot of potential, I have an intake, and a superchip added to the truck, I'm pulling right now about 450 HP. If you can afford to buy this truck, you should have money for gas. Do not complain about gas mileage. 14 mpgcity. 16mpg hwy 
This is an awesome truck! It is big, nimble, powerful, and gorgeous! Lots of storage space! The extended cab is great - large enough for women, children, dogs, and groceries to ride comfortably. The first week I got the truck, I hauled a packed Audi, a packed bed, and a packed cab with two dogs and a passenger. There is no lack of power or comfort! Although I've only been averaging. I have also been hauling a lot of stuff all the time. It's hard to know what the mpg would be without all the work. Then again, why buy a truck if you aren't putting it to work? The Sierra beat out Chevy because Chevy was too boxy (read ugly) and it beat out Tundra on overall features and handling, hands down!
Great looking truck. Performs well while towing and rides great. The gas mileage is no where near where GM says. Engines are not going to get 7 to 8 mpg better after they break in. I get 11-13 mpg driving around 65 mph. I love the remote start escpeccialy with the hot weather out here in central CA. 
This is my first truck since my '81 Chevy, which was a base truck. I love everything about this truck, comfort, drivability, interior room, and overall apperance. I have the tow package and really like the added ride height. Although this is just a step up from a 'base' truck, it has everything I want. Nice stero, excellent a/c, excellent visibility, and just plain fun to drive. Still only in the 15 mpg range which I hope will improve. But love the power of the small v-8.
This is my first pick-up and to be honest, it may be my last because it was built to last a life-time. This has to be the finest GMC that I have ever owned and this quality is a product of general motors' renaissance.
I upgraded from an 03 Chevy 1500 LS. This is a far superior truck, but they took out a few of the minor conveniences like express down passenger window, separate cargo box light control, and overhead storage (not that this truck is short on storage)! The engine is noticeably stronger and smoother, but shift points at low/mid throttle acceleration could be better, or a 5 or 6 speed transmission. Also, my 03 had rear disc brakes and this truck has drums. Haven't towed yet so I can't tell if there is a real difference in stopping power yet. Great for a full size truck with this kind of power. I have always been a Ford guy, but the style and power of this truck is changing my mind!
The only thing I don't like is fuel mileage. Traded a 2002 in on this one and got a little better mileage. Both had the same engine 4800. This is crew cab and the other one was a ext. cab. Bigger wheels and a little more weight may be part of the mileage problem. Getting about 2 miles per gal. less maybe it will improve with a few more miles.
Getting 16MPG overall and 10MPG city. All the reviews I read prior to purchase had the truck in the overall 19-22 MPG. Dealer keeps telling me to give it time. This is my third GM truck and never previously experienced such terrible mileage. My 2004 gave me 23 MPG on the highway and 17 in town. Other than the mileage issue it is a tremendous truck. The fuel management system does not work--again dealer tells me to give it time.
Only had this vehicle for a few weeks, but all impressions are great. Always drove Ford F-150's and there is no comparison to this truck. I did a lot of research before purchasing and the GMC rated the highest. This truck is superior in quality, ride and comfort. Have the loaded up SLT with all the options including the 20" wheels. Engine is plenty strong and tranny shifts smooth. My research revealed the GMC is assembled much better than the Chevy. The truck rides like a cadillac as the saying goes. As another rater said of this truck, "Don't waste your time looking at other trucks go to a GMC dealer and purchase the Sierra"! I'll drink to that. 
Just bought the Denali and I'm having almost much fun with it as I do with my '07 Corvette! I had ordered a 5.7 Crewcab Limited Tundra mainly for the 6spd tranny. I had looked at the Silverado but was unhappy with the lack of a 6spd. Luckily I happened upon my all black Denali and it was love at first sight. Needless to say I was sold, took it back to the dealer and drove it home. I love the look,I love the way it handles and the interior is probably one of the best truck interiors I've seen. Did I mention it goes real fast? Everything works as designed, no buyers remorse
Just purchased this vehicle a few weeks ago. GM has definitely won me back as a customer. Last GM owned was a '96 Blazer. They have finally figured out how to put style into their new vehicles. The truck drives so solid and smooth and exudes quality craftsmanship throughout. I did consider buying a new Tundra but it just didn't have the same curb appeal as the Sierra. Also, the Tundras interior looked and felt very cheap and plasticky compared to the Sierra. I hope this Sierra ends up being as reliable as the Tundra likely will be.
OK, so it is a full-sized pick up. but does it have to be so heavy? "Drives like a car", I don't think so..unless you're referring to a '56 Buick! This truck has heavy steering and an unpleasant oversteer, I have to actually drive it out of turns. I have noticeable brake fade coming down the mountain. I have tried to drive with the perverbial "egg under my foot" and have managed a whopping 15mpg combined driving...far less than I've heard others tout.
This truck handles great and has all the power I need to get going. The stabilatrac surprised me how great it works. The ride is smoother than my '03 Sierra classic and more room and comfort. You don't really realize the power until you look in the rear view mirror.
If you are looking for a truck save yourself a lot of time and go to directly to your GMC dealer! Don't waste your energy going anywhere else including the import stores. This is by far the best truck for the money, best fit, finish, quality, fuel economy, performance. Do I need to keep going? If you have ever looked at a GM before, this is nothing like you have seen.
Bought truck approx 5 weeks ago. Every aspect of the truck is as good if not better than I anticipated, no buyers remorse whatsoever. Great city or highway comfort and performance. Needed upgrade to Crew Cab for growing family, they love the new truck. Can't wait to see the full effect of the 20mpg (hwy) mileage, only have 1500 miles on truck so far. I've owned a '93 Toyota and a '88 GMC, and this new one blows them away with quiet ride, power, great looks, quality, and comfort. Highly recommend it! Great job GMC, keep it up.
I just purchased an '07 Sierra and I absolutely love it! There is no comparison between this truck and the '99 Sierra that I traded. The stealth gray is awesome, and the build quality is superb. I have the work truck with the preferred package, SL package and towing package. I just can't get over how nice this truck is and nice the ride is compared to the old body style that I owned. I have the 4.8l and am getting 17-18 mpg mixed driving.
It's a very confortable truck, really impressive in gas mileage, excelent handling, and very quiet. Everything on it is easy to use, from the seats that fold up to the radio controls.
I just go my new 2007 Sierra with the 6.0 Vortec Max 4x2 3 weeks ago. After looking for a truck that has the power and comforts for traveling, the Sierra met my goals. Traveling on the highway I am averaging about 20 and in my normal driving I am averaging about 16. This is better than my previous '04 F150 with the 5.4. The rear locking differential is a huge plus for this truck. Even in the mountains driving up steep gravel roads, I never have any problems. GM did a great job with the new truck.
I have nothing bad to say about this truck, it is absolutely great! I previously owned 2005 Sierra Denali, and before that 2003 Yukon. Loved them both. I never had a problem with either not one! I must say this truck is a huge improvement over the other for the interior. The interior is as well put together as my mother's '07 MB S550. The performance is great also. I recently took a trip to Vegas, about 300 each way and I got 22.7 MPG outstanding.
I am very happy with my new Sierra. Fuel economy has been better than expected, but I drive 70-75 max and don't floor it. Getting a solid 20-21 on highway and 16-17 city. The SLT interior is plush and the seats and ride are wonderful. I would recommend this truck to anyone. There isnt anything I don't like except I wish they offered a bluetooth option and 6 speed tranny!
Test drove every truck out there including new Tundra with the 5.7 in reg cab. They all fell short of the GMC in one way or another. The interior was a big one, most felt quite cheap and the comfort level of this new Sierra is amazing. Handling is great, ride is excellent, good power and getting really good mileage in this reg cab with the 5.3 and AFM even though not broken in yet. I'm sure the smaller size of the truck makes a big difference in how often you are in V4 mode. Lots of great standard features, priced out about the same as the '06 I looked at last year. 
I bought this tuck a week ago and so far so good with 800 miles in one week on the clock. Fit and finish of the truck is awsome inside and out. The interior has tons of head and leg room. More room in the back seat area than the 2007 Ford F150 by far. Fuel economy with the 5.3 V8 with AFM got me 19 MPG highway and city driving, which is much beter than the F150. The engine packs a hell of a punch and the locking rear differential works like a charm. The truck looks like a truck should look, big bulky and stylish. Also road noise is kept to a minimum in the cab while crusing down the highway at 70 MPH.
Outstanding truck. Outside styling is excellent. Drive comforts are well designed and accessible. Interior has ample room. Rear seat is roomy and comfortable
I think this vehicle is a bargain. The only other vehicle that you can compare to is the Escalade. I had an '04 Sierra 4wd extended cab. The new Sierra drives so much smoother and feels more solid. The steering feel is improved as well. Not so soft. I like the 6 speed transmission. It shifts smoothly. Except out of 1st gear. There is a little push there that makes you feel there is a lot of power here. I like not having to mess with the 4wd stuff. All wheel drive does it better. The looks are a surprise improvement to me. I receive a lot of compliments on the looks. The gas mileage isn't a bad as I expected. Same as last truck.
Vehicle has exceeded my expectations. Kinda wish the Denali had been available at time of purchase. Really enjoy the quiet interior. Interior component fit and finish is the best I have ever seen in a new model from GM. Cargo capacity best in class or this size vehicle. Rear legroom more than meets my needs, adults can feel comfortable in second row. Engine performance is just as good with the 5.3L versus the 6.0L (6 liter probably is a better engine for towing). Overall, I'd recommend this vehicle and have to all people who've inquired.
I know this may seem early, but this is one great truck. Fit and finish is perfect. Interior design is great, well layed out. Exterior looks great! Love the Stealth Grey Color! The active engine management is seamless. I cant feel it switch from V4 to V8 or back again 1st tank mpg was 15, pretty good for around town for a lead foot like myself. This truck is as quiet as my Dad's Avalon and rides just the same. The rain sensing wipers are terrific. If GM keeps this up with the rest of its vehicles, it will win back a lot of foreign car buyers. My last two new vehicles were a Honda Odyssey and a Tundra. This GMC is just as good as either of those vehicles
No more steering column noises, soft brakes, more power, and the best ride I have ever had in a truck. 
I've had my truck for 2 months and 2000 miles. Early indications are this truck is truly outstanding. I had a 2003 Silverado and this truck is much improved. It is fun to drive -- steering is great and power is super. The interior is extremely convenient and has a pleasing appearance. The truck is very quiet. My biggest complaints with the 2003 have been addressed. The fuel mileage is very good considering the size and power, 18 mpg overall. I didn't think I'd go GM again, but after test driving I decided to try again. I am glad I did. I really expect I'll be able to say that many miles later. 
Love my new Sierra. Base level interior is top notch. Very smooth transmission and responsive engine. Gas mileage is poor, as expected. Very spacious interior. Looks pretty nice with my Rancho lift and 35" tires, real head turner. After 3 weeks I love it more than ever!
I just bought my truck a few days ago. I got the vortec max SLT. I was worried about such a big engine and fuel economy (6.0 liter) but when under moderate excelleration or on the highway it only uses 4 cylinders giving it better mileage than my mini-van that I traded in on it. It is very comfortable and the fit and finish of the leather and brushed aluminum trim competes with a Mercedes or BMW. The new design is way ahead of anything else I have seen on the road, when people see it they can't help but notice it's size and intmidating looks. Yes I also got it because I have neer owned anything but a GM automobile, but after driving it around I know I made the right choice.
Although I just bought this truck a few weeks ago, I had researched it for quite a while. So far it has lived up to my expectations and more. I was considering a 2006 leftover until I test drove the new style. The ride is quiet and smooth, soaking up bumps like they were'nt there. The cab is beautifully laid out and features all kinds of comfort features. The sound system is great with the Bose Speakers and XM radio. I'm a construction manager ,so the truck is also my office. I keep my files in the rear seating area which is easily accessable. I love how this trucks looks too . It has just the right combination of ruggedness and good looks.
This is my 3rd Sierra and by far the best they've made yet. The exterior is simple yet very appealing. The biggest improvement was on the interior. GMC really thought through the location and function in the interior. The fit and finish is much improved over previous versions and the quality of the plastic is much better. The truck rides very smooth and feels much smaller than it is (which is a good thing when driving in traffic and parking). The engine is smooth and delivers quite nicely. The Active Fuel Management so far has been seemless when going from v4 to v8 mode. Currently I have been averaging 15 - 18 mpgs. No complaints 
Truck has plenty of power but the active fuel management 8cyl to 4cyl dosent work. The truck is to heavy and causes it to surge while driving down the freeway even on cruise control. No light in the engine compartment when hood is opened. 
As a first-time truck buyer I was aiming more for a mid-size, thinking it the best place to find a good compromise between utility and drivability. However, when I got to the dealership and compared sticker prices I found I could get more for my money in the larger Sierra than the mid-size Canyon. The test drive was the clincher. The regular cab, 8ft bed WT rides as smooth as our mini-van and sits higher for better visibility. The build-quality is impressive; no rattles, tight seams and attention to detail. All knobs and buttons are within easy reach and the cabin space is generous. Utility- wise, well, there isn't anything that won't fit inside the 8ft bed. Outstanding truck by GMC.
This is my third Sierra (first for the new generation truck). This one, by far, drives much easier than the past vehicles GM put out. The interior is much improved and fuel economy is better. The build quality seems better, but only time will tell. They were conservative on the exterior design, but it's still easy on the eyes. Overall, a very nice driving truck.
I have owned the truck for a few months and is overall a great truck, much more solid than my 2004 Chevy 1500. But the mileage I had on the old truck was 16-18 mpg and now I get 11 mpg. I have called the dealer and they keep telling me to give it some break in time. This is my fifth new vehicle and I have never had this problem before, I would really have trouble recommending this truck at this point.
I have only had this truck for a couple of weeks, but it is amazing. The weather here in the Great NW has been very cold. I have never seen a truck with auto-4WD, it engages seamlessly, you dont even realize it has. Between that and the stabilitrac, this truck handles under snowy and icey conditions like no other truck I have driven. GMC took advantage of every inch of the interior to make a wonderfully roomy feel. The handling is tight and the manuverability is outstanding. Another great thing is you can turn off the stabilitrac and/or the auto 4WD and do some brodies! Also, going from 8 cylinders to 4 and vice versa, you dont even notice. My first tank of gas I am averaging 15.9 mpg!
I have always wanted to own a truck. I had a mid-size sedan for a year and with two kids, I knew I needed more space. Went to check out the GMC Sierra and I fell in love with it the minute I saw it. I owned a Suburban before and I thought that ride was average. The Sierra's ride is smoother; it feels more like a car ride. The gas mileage is not bad (what can you expect from a truck, right?). I recommend this truck to anybody who wishes to drive a nice looking truck.
I looked at the F150, Titan, and Tundra.The GM trucks were easily the best, and of those two the GMC looks better. I rated my truck a 10 in every category except for fuel economy. I get around 18mpg mixed with the 5.3L 4x4 extended cab, but they said that after a few thousand miles it will improve. So far, only 1700 miles. The ride is great and the remote start has come in handy in warming up the interior these last few weeks. Engine power is good. Transmission is smooth and responsive. The 4x4 is responsive.
I've owned the truck for a week. And true, it may be a little soon to offer a really unbiased review, but so far, this truck has impressed me beyond words. The truck is extremely well constructed from the inside out, and at the SLT trim level, offers a lot of things found in most luxery cars. With lots of electronics, that could potentially be a problem fixing on your own if needed. The active fuel management convinced me the most to purchase this full-size truck. Among all the other V-8's out there I researched, the 5.8 had the best fuel economy. And with GM's 5yr/100,000 standard powertrain warranty, that measure of commitment was certainly more piece of mind for ownership. 
Sits high with the 17" tires and road visibility real good. The great aspect of this truck is the comfort in the interior. Plenty of room in front and back. I like the seats folding down in the back for cargo room. Gas mileage is not bad for the size truck. GM out did others with this design. The size can be a challenge. I had to make more space in the garage area to get this vehicle inside. It barely fit inside from back to front. 
I just purchased this truck this month. What a good looking vehicle! The truck handles very well, and the new design is just great. The interior is roomy and the controls are very user friendly. I ordered the Stealth Grey color, which is very unique. I would have never purchased one of the older model GMC trucks as the interior and exterior has remained the same for years. I also like the 5 year 100,000 mile power train and engine warranty. 
These trucks are all new from the ground up. Everything is improved. No more numb steering feel, no more spongy brakes, no more quirky looking interior and dash. The suspension is a dramatic improvement. Those that hated GM trucks before should take another look. I never knew GM could make such a quality vehicle! This is one comfortable refined truck and will give the F150 a run for the money. 
This truck is a base vehicle chosen for utility and value. Only options are cruise, A/C and Limited Slip Differential. After over two and a half years and 34,000 miles I couldn't be much happier. I have yet to have a single problem with it. It has a lot of utility, ride is smooth and it's quiet for a truck - and more comfortable than any car I've driven or ridden in. Fit and finish is outstanding. Ergonomics are excellent Highly recommended
 So far I'm satisfied with the ride, handling, comfort, and dependability. The mpg Is awesome, as I'm getting 25+ hwy, and 23 around town, with the v-6,4. 3l, I recently went thru 6 states, to see a sick family member, and the long range fuel mileage was great. The trucks seems to be well worth the price I paid, and I've had no problems in 2 years. 
I have made four trips from Houston TX to the DC area, a trip to the mountains (off-road) in Colarado, as well as my daily commute. This truck rides and drives great with a comfortable cab. The 5.3 liter V8 provides the power I want without losing the MPG of a larger engine. Could it be improved, sure. Probably has in the newer model. I would add storage capacity in-cab, as well as more functionality for cup holders and the like. I consistently get 15 MPG in town, and 20 MPG on the road. Who would not want more? But that's probably as good as any full size truck. Would I buy again? You bet.
Solid truck with no frills but dependable and OK gas mileage for a truck. I have a 2x4 but didn't get stuck in our large snow storm so with good tread depth it isn't too bad. I bought it for work but know I just use it to commute. I am glad I like it because truck/SUV market is in the dumps. At least my truck is a V6 so it gets about 16 city 20 freeway.
MY husband bought this truck for me. We have three kids, and it fits everyone comfortably. They are kept busy with the DVD system and separate entertainment system.
I puchased this GMC for the ride. I had a HD 2500 Diesel before. Bad back! I really like this truck, not just for the ride but for all the things it brings to the table. This truck is really loaded, leather,auto wipers, memory seats, adjustable brake/gas peddles, etc. The ride is wonderful! Very comfortable!
This is a great truck with a comfortable interior and an impressively smooth ride and quiet engine. The Z71 package helps on the bumps. The engine is powerful, sometimes it feels like I'm driving a large sedan with the acceleration and braking.Back seat in extended cab is acceptable. Awesome truck for the price (cheaper than the new styles).
There are pros/cons to purchasing the last model year. Pros: Save thousands and all the bugs are worked out. Cons: You don't have the latest (not always the greatest). Thus far, the Sierra has really surprised me. The comfort of this truck is amazing. This is one of the quietest vehicles I have owned. Quieter than my Camry's, Nissan's,and Honda's. And it's a truck? 
This is my first GMC and it seems to be a very well built truck. Very spacious interior and inst.panel layed out well. Smooth ride and very quiet. Have not pulled a trailer as yet but power seems to there if needed. 
The overall quality of this heavily discounted truck is finally approaching the Asian level. Fit is rather OK, but the finish is excellent, both inside and out. Engine is very quiet, smooth, and the power is more than adequate. A/C is superb, and the full compliment of gauges is quite welcomed. EPA shows 16/21 and thus far I'm realizing close to that. Have always had 4WD trucks for useless reasons, and the difference in 2WD ride quality/mileage is astounding. I would recommend opting for the locking rear axle though, as the low end torque placed on the standard axle simply overwhelms the drive tire in certain situations. So far this very handy vehicle is all and more than advertised.
This is my third GM Pickup and once again I'm truly satisfied. Simple, clean interior and exterior make this the most versatile vehicle I've ever owned.
We love our new 2007 Sierra Classic . It's a great ride, with a powerful and reasonably efficent V8. The cabin is spacious and comfortable. We especially enjoy the hauling/ towing muscle this truck provides. 
I love this truck so much! more quiet then a Dodge or Ford Diesel. This truck could pull a battleship with it's strong Allison transmission!
In "07 I needed a truck to tow a 7000lb 14x9x9 box trailer in western PA. I test drove 'em all and fell in love with a Ford until I learned GM had the most torque, hp & mpg. Found a GMC L82 with all towing packages. I tow 5 days a week and avg 9.5mpg city and 15 on the hwy at 62mph or 2k rpm, above 65 mph the aero drag zaps the mileage to 10.5. The PA hills takes another mpg. Without my trailer I get 15 city and 21.5 hwy. I love the performance and the bucket style seats, it feels like a Camaro on steroids. Get compliments every where I go and with 30K miles I've been everywhere. 
I have been driving my truck for about a year & a half. I was excited at first because it was new. Now I am still excited! The Duramax/Allison is a just a great design. There is so much power for towing. This truck should come with a warning light reminding you that a trailer is attached because you will forget that it's there! No more "white knuckle" driving while towing, built in brake controller works really well. This is just flat out awesome! The seats are like flying 1st class, interior is much improved. SLT has all the goodies, more like a luxury car, except it's a truck. Why have a car anymore? 
Bought the 6.0ltr WT version two weeks before leaving Maryland. Installed cruise control and hauled 5500 lbs on a 16ft tandem trailer and 1000 lbs in the bed. Averaged 16mpg on Hwy after tuning with the Diablo Predator using 87 octane gas. I have the 4:10 HD posi-lock rear. I average 12-13 mph in town. I would have liked the 6spd Allison transmission.
I never had a diesel before but my prior experience with gas trucks was tainted with getting 13-15 mpg. So I opted for the diesel with the allison. Wow. I get 19mpg average and on highway trips I average 21.5. I put about 31000 on it so far in 10 months of ownership and I have no complaints. The true genius of this whole setup is the transmission. In tow/haul mode it downshifts for you when you brake while matching revs. Really saves the brakes and instills total confidence in pulling heavy loads - skid steers, tractors, trailers full of blocks, etc. I get about 15-16mpg while towing on the highway. Great truck!
At first I didn't like the styling, because it looks like a Ford. I chose the 6L gasoline engine in the 2500HD to avoid active fuel management in the 5.3L engine. With only occasional towing, the gasoline motor is a good choice for acceleration with less maintainence. The gas mileage is only slightly worse than I am used to with my Jeep Wrangler. The brakes are really powerful once broken in. Comfort on the open road is great. I bought the vehicle on the internet at great price, but it came without cruise control. I asked the local dealer if he could add it and they said "no". On my Wrangler, it was no problem because the wiring is already there, but GM doesn't do this.
I purchased my GMC a few weeks ago so far so good. I had a Ford F-350 powerstroke with 7.3. The GMC is small in the inside compared to the Ford. The GMC has a lot better fuel mileage but seems to be too light to handle heavy trailers. It's not short of power it will smoke my Ford easily. My biggest complaint is lack of interior room. GM still needs to do their homework on that. The quality is not matched by Ford or Dodge in the interior and standard accessories, but I think Ford is heavier duty than GM for all out abuse on the farm or on construction sites. In about a year i can tell the truth because I know Ford can hold up. Curious to see if GMC can.
Great truck! The Duramax towed my 31ft Airstream on a 5000 mile trip without any problems. The truck was very stable and had lots of power to spare in all situations. Gas mileage was around 12.5 mpg towing and 17 alone. I hope for better mileage after the diesel gets broken in. I expected at least some problem to show up on the brand new truck but am pleased to say everything is working perfectly.
One of the best trucks I've owned. Was looking at another brand until someone told me how good the fuel mileage was with this truck. Somewhere around 18 to 20 mpg highway driving. The 6.6 Duramax diesel/6speed Allision trans is one awesome drive train. Plenty of power to spare. Shifting is very smooth. Interior comfort is excellent. The dual zone auto temp. control, leather power bucket seats keeps comfort at the front in this vehicle.I would highly recommend this truck to anyone wanting muscle and comfort. 
I really like the bigger roomier cab on this truck. It tows my camper with ease and has lots of power to spare in the 6.0L engine. I do wish it got just a little better gas mileage but with power comes consumption. I would buy it again I like it so much.
This truck is by far the best combination of utility, comfort, and performance I have experienced. I love the truck and highly recommend it to anyone in the market for a new pickup.
Was driving a 2006 2500 HD SLT and loved it. Just traded and picked up my 2007 2500 HD SLT. Wow, what a huge change. Feels like I am driving a luxury large SUV. Totally updated inside and out. Inside much better and up to date. Quiet ride. Feels larger than 2006 when driving. Smooth. Recommend this one!
Traded in Ford, Bought the new 2500HD. The first thing I noticed was the awesome interior, The stock 6.0 with the auto 6 speed was next to put a grin on my face, the big block power out of that little motor is amazing. I say to all who are interested, The new GMC Sierra is an awesome truck, with plenty of power to do what ever you would like!
The GMC is a replacement for my stolen '03 Ford F-250 Powerstroke. I bought the GMC Sierra on the recommendations of others who had purchased it, against my better judgment. The Sierra has some nice features, particularly the interior arrangement. Everything is within easy reach and well laid out. The Duramax and Allison are a great duo, and can easily haul my horse trailer up any hill with ease. My biggest problem with the Sierra is the puny O.E. Bridgestone tires. Why GMC chose to put highway tires on a HD truck is beyond me, but after slipping and sliding my way through a snowy and muddy New Mexico winter, and with only 6200 miles on the tires, I replaced them with Michelin M/S. Huge difference.
Took a look at the new F250 King Ranch and was wow'd by smooth leather and exterior design. Was turned off though by the interior setup. Engine had a horrible setup and high turbo squeal as well. The GMC SLT has supple and comfortable seats, but the leather isn't as soft as the Ford KR. The look and feel of everything is great though. There aren't many cheap 'looking' parts. The setup inside and out were well thought of. Also, the Duramax and Allison are tried and true. 4X4 works great and is rather easy to jump in and out of. The power is equal to the previous years model. I say this because a lot of talk is going on regarding the EPA constrictions. Great purchase!
traded in my 2001 yukon sle 4x4 (170,000 mi) for the 2007 yukon sle 4x4 (32,000 mi). I am a bit disappointed and wish for the old 2001. Miss the heated side mirrors, and have a different rear end gear. I get better highway mileage, but worse towing mileage. Have not had it in the mountains/snow yet, the front end has a nasty bounce when going over speed bumps and on the highway over irregular road surfaces (dealership cant find anything wrong).
I researched and drove and five different SUV's prior to purchasing the Denali. I am real estate and it helps to sit up high to look at property. The vehicle is nicely appointed and comfortable. Plenty of pick-up for merging and passing on the highway. The captain chairs in the middle row sealed the deal for me. My business partner is 6-8' and fits comfortably in the middle seat. I would recommend this vehicle to prospective purchaser. Only problem I have had is with the exterior door handles and the dealership replaced them at no cost. Definitely worth paying a little more compared to Tahoe/Yukon. 
I bought this vehicle in Sept of 06 and thought it was going to be the best purchase ever. I have only had problems with this Yukon since the day I bought it. Problems with the battery, heater, arm rests and more. I was so disappointed as the vehicle looks sooo nice on the outside. Inside is great, lots of room...but poorly made with cheap parts. Time to move onto something else. 
I have a 2007 Yukon SLE that I really like, EXCEPT...I drive on some dirt roads and it is impossible to keep the dirt from packing onto the back window. Driving in snow also results in snow PACKING on the rear window. If you don't start the rear wiper early on, you can't keep the snow off the window. I feel it is a dangerous design and I am trading off my Yukon, despite how much I like the darn thing, for a vehicle with a different spoiler (for lack of a better word) above the rear window. That is what causes the problem. I had a 2003 Tahoe that didn't have this spoiler and the dirt and snow on the window was minimal. Talk to a car wash place, they'll tell you exactly what I am talking about
I bought this Denali for my wife. She can haul around groceries, our two children, and their friends. When gas was $4.00 / gallon, her father asked what we got for fuel economy, I asked him how do you equate fuel economy with safety for your daughter and grandchilren? He didn't get it. Once you drive the Denali, you will. For the record, we get 13.5 mpg around town and averaged 18+ mpg on a 2000 trip. I think the fit and finish could be a little better, but overall, I wouldn't trade this truck for anything.
My baby runs in 4 and 8cylinders. I fill so secure in it beeing a 5' 4'' pettite female. It runs smoth and I love my Yukon 2007. I also have space for all my family.
I purchased this vehicle with 30,000 miles for 30k. I was a bit skeptical to purchase as I have been loyal to the Japanese as of late (150k on my Nissan and 100k on my Toyota with no problems). I looked at every vehicle possible including the mid size MDX and X5. For me it came down to two different issues. #1, We have two children and I wanted a vehicle that would allow easy access to the 3rd row. #2, after great debate with my wife, I didn't want to drive anything that looked like a "little girls car". I'm still under the factory warranty and have had a couple items fixed. If this vehicle holds up I will support GM in the future! Poor gas milage is expected in a vehicle this size, 14mpg!
It's surprising how poorly GM designed the 2007 Yukon. By now, you'd think that they would understand that it's unacceptable to have panels and wipers falling off the the truck... to the tune of several hundreds of dollars of unexpected expenses! Interior packaging is just OK... difficult to get kids in and out of the vehicle, even a vehilce of this size.
I purchased the Yukon Denali in May of 2006. The truck rides great. The interior is roomy, the leather & components are sturdy & well built. My traction control light comes on occasionally but go off within minutes. The only major issue Ive had was a switch went out in the transmission causing the car to not recognize neutral & sometimes not go into reverse. This was fixed under warranty & has been problem free for the last year. One great thing is the saftey issue. My car was broad sided by a car running a light at 30 mph. The car was damged but barly felt it. The blue green color looks great changing color in the sun but shows all finger prints & dirt. 
What a truck. I traded in a 2004 Toureg V8 fully loaded for this Denali. Plenty of power, comfort, and style! I was very impressed with the car when we took it for a test drive and continue to be impressed with it 11 months later. Good build quality and I do enjoy that big 6.2 liter V8 rumble when you start it. Great truck for long trips.
This is a very nice vehicle. I love to drive this and it has a lot of power, and has good handling. The 10 Bose speakers are really good. We checked out the Tahoe, Armada, X5, Escalade, and Pathfinder, and this had more power (except Escalade) than the rest of them and better fuel economy. This also has power running boards that people really look at. Very comfortable 4 captain heated seats. 
I purchased this 07 Denali, would have rather had a Tahoe, I think better styling. But love this Denali, fun to drive, comfortable, great turning radius. As most have mentioned could be better MPG, but for it's size not bad, 16-18. But I have to bite the bullet and drive this size vehicle due to bad knees, back, ankles, so need this size and would absolutely buy another. One of best vehicles I have ever had, no problems. The vehicle and dealers service dept. are better than sales dept. Wouldn't buy from this dealer again. Great in winter in MN, now have 35,000 on it no problems.
After coming from a BMW X5 pile of junk, this Yukon is a dream come true. Very comfortable to drive, pleanty of power, love the xm & navigation with back up camera. Not a single problem so far, and gas mileage is much better than the BMW. I look at it as the cost of transportation, how else are you going to get 4-7 people around in one vehicle?
I searched for one year to find a used one that had eveything that I wanted. Ended up with a fully loaded SLT with back up camera and power everything. I was not dissappointed. I looked at several luxury brands and none compared as far as space and quality of ride. We do a lot of trips from 200 to 500 miles and we rode in absolute comfort. Gas mileage isn't that bad for size of the truck. Visually appealing lots of second looks .
I searched for one year to find a used one that had eveything that I wanted. Ended up with a fully loaded SLT with back up camera and power everything. I was not dissappointed. I looked at several luxury brands and none compared as far as space and quality of ride. We do a lot of trips from 200 to 500 miles and we rode in absolute comfort. Gas mileage isn't that bad for size of the truck. Visually appealing lots of second looks .
After driving a mini-van for quite awhile, I was so excited about driving a truck again! In shopping around, we narrowed our choices down to the Yukon, Tahoe, and Armada. Fortunely, we fell upon a rebate that we just couldn't resist on the Yukon! I Love it! It has worked out very well for my children as well. There is plenty of elbow room for them. The rear A/C has been a lifesaver in our Texas heat! It runs smoothly, looks great, and gives us a secure feeling that we are well protected. The gas mileage could be better but we knew that when we bought it. The stereo is great and the instrument panel is well designed. OnStar, XM radio, and remote controls are wonderful. I highly recommend it!
Very spacious and comfortable. I am surprised on how little cargo storage room there is. It has a huge center console but that is it. Gas stinks but ,hey, it's a big vehicle. The interior is all plastic and the fake wood finish scratches very easily. Even most chrome accents are plastic underneath. 
I've owned several Suburbans in the past; as we became empty nesters I figured that I didn't need such a large vehicle. We downsized for a while, (tried a Jeep) but finally decided that we really enjoyed the larger size of the Yukons. I've had this vehicle for a year now, put on about 13,000 miles and am rather impressed. Almost no issues; the only problem I've experienced is that the power liftgate does not function consistently when the temp drops below zero (I'm in Minnesota) - but then neither do I. Fit, finish, comfort excellent - smooth vehicle for an SUV. No funny noises, except for an AC belt that occasionaly chirped until it was adjusted.
I have had repeated difficulty with the electronics resulting in electric locks going uncontrollably up and down and the vehicle shutting down. I was also disappointed in On-Star. After purchasing turn x turn directions, I learned that the sattellite was not working in my area. They just kept my money until I brought it up after asking for directions and receiving the new of not having sattellite coverage in my area. I tried made in the USA, and I lived to regret it. POOR JOB GM!!!!!
I traded in my 2002 Yukon XL Denali, back in May/06 for my 07' Yukon XL Denali. I could not be happier with my choice, I got the Sealth Gray Met. w/Ebony Int. and the DVD system. the fit and finish on this truck is light years ahead of my 02' truck and even the 06'Yukon. I only took the for GM to almost go out of business before they allowed the designers to ready get it right this time. Maybe more people with take another look at GM and they can get back on track. 
Purchased this SUV in Aug of 2007. Currently have 10k miles without an issue. Runs well, powerful, fun to drive. Very comfortable on long drives. Well equipped. Impressive job by GMC
This is my 4th new GMC truck in as many years. GMC has some work left to do on this one, with some areas that greatly need improving. The entire drivetrain needs refinement. The engine has decent power, but the transmission is horrible. Compared to the Allison in my last diesel, this 6 speed GM made transmission is junk. It is not happy in any gear but reverse, and is confused the rest of the time. It is geared too tall. Same with the fly-by-wire throttle. It is as unpredictable as the one in the ill famed Audi 5000S. The cheap plastic on the interior is horrible. It is the same poor quality stuff they put in all low end GM's. Very bad for a $55k SUV. Never again.
At the 10,000 mile mark, the truck has been perfect. Excellent power, handing, and turning radius make this a great vehicle for hauling the family and friends to basketball, baseball, gymnastics, or wherever we are going. Simply put, this truck has lived up to, and exceeded, all my expectations. 
I bought one of the first 2007 Yukons when they became available in 2006, and over the last 18 months I've put 28,000 miles on it. It's a marvelous vehicle to drive. It's fun, powerful and easy to steer, and the tight turning radius is extremely helpful in crowded parking lots. The XM radio is better than I thought it would be, and the power-assisted lift gate is actually very useful, addictive almost. I would recommend this vehicle to anyone that can afford to fuel it. In stop and go city driving, you're looking at 10 or 11 mpg (on a good day). For extended highway driving, it is entirely possible to get 18-22 mpg, but the average will be 17-18 mpg
I bought Yukon SLT2 as 2007 clearance from dealer. I drove 2001 Denali before, and very impressive. When I got myself own, feel awesome and better than previous version. Large space, powerful engine and nice Boss sounds. Very nice mix mpg, highway, local plus traffics, 16MPG, same as my friend's Nissan Xterra. but some bugs are annoying me, engine light is always on since the second day after I take it home. And the tire pressure shows 63 35(front), 33 35(rear), sensor stinks!
Keep in mind I am new to American cars. I bought this car because I wanted something comfortable with 3 row seating. For some reason I got so taken in by how comfortable it was driving the car that I forgot to even check the other rows, which I normally do when checking a car. I love how comfortable it is, nice, big, and seats 8...well that's what I thought. I guess after looking at the Sequioa and the Armada I thought it was safe to assume that the 3rd row had more than enough room...think again. Maybe the fact that I am 5'8" doesn't help, but I would expect for there to be room for me in the 3rd row. Overall the car is what it is, but for such a pricy American car I expected more.
I had a 99 Denali, then switched to the Envoy and Envoy XL for a few years. When I saw the 07 Yukon, I knew I had to have it. My wife wouldn't let me get the Denali(cost), but I have enough features on the one I got, so I'm not complaining. The big selling point was the fuel management system (V8/V4 auto switching). I get the same MPG as I did with my V6 Envoy XL. This the best Yukon yet! I can't even imagine how nice the Denali must be. 
I had a 2005 Yukon and I loved it. Got great milage and the only issue I had was the information display control were on the steering wheel. On the 2007 they moved the information controls to the dash, but I hate the circular gauge/dash design which is echoed in the head/tail lights. 
This has been a new experience since getting rid of my 1999 and now driving this outstanding SUV. So much has changed, the design being the most signficant change for the good. I would like better gas mileage.
I swore I would never buy another American built SUV. Been driving a BMW X5 for the last three years. Size, features, price and warranty made me take a chance and dive into the Denali and I couldn't be happier. Great deal and great truck.
After six months of driving and 21,000 miles, I have gotten to know the service staff at the dealership on a first-name basis. They have fixed loose moldings on the rear doors, worked on air conditioner twice (without the problem being fixed), turned the front rotors, and fixed a broken arm on a rear seat. When not in shop, it performs well. Gas mileage is in the 21 - 22 mph on the Interstate. It pulls a 19 foot bass boat with ease and is very comfortable. Overall I am not dissatisfied but the little stuff is a pain.
I love my Yukon. Had 2 little problems but was fixed very promptly.. (nothing big) Has all the room I need for comfort, drives great, handles great. Great GMC
I just returned from a 5,361 mile trip, and could not be happier with my GMC. Averaged 20-22 mpg on the highway...except for the Interstate in West Texas which as an 80 mph speed limit, and I was pushing it to get home after 40 days away from home. I constantly had people complimenting my GMC, and commenting how much better looking it is than the Tahoe. Driver comfort is excellent, vision is excellent, Bose was excellent, and the constant compliments were very satisfying. The retractible running boards drew rave reviews and everyone said that they did not know they were offered. But, also everyone said that was worth the price for added comfort and ease of entrance and exit of my GMC. GMC has created an excellent SUV that defies the stigma of SUV's. I could not be happier with my investment. Most of all, you feel safer with full length air bags and rising abov" the normal traffic. Great job.
Traded 2003 Expedition for Denali after driving new Expedition, BMW X-5, Acura and Mazda SUVs?. Denali is smooth and by far the most powerful. It is very comfortable on long trips and is easy to drive. I also have a Mercedes S430 and I prefer driving the Denali on long trips. Positives include styling, new interior, comfort of seats, power, and ease of handling. Negatives are lack of fold flat third row seat, folding covers for cup holders and the little storage compartment on center console make the openings smaller than on Tahoe, and they fold the wrong way-making you lift cups over the door. Minor stuff though compared to the great feeling I get when driving this truck. 3500 miles and happy
This is the best GMC yet. The only problems have been with the drivers information display. The engine oil message comes on every time you start it and the tire pressure monitor doesn't work. Mechanically the car is bullet proof. The quality is very high with no squeaks or rattles, no wind noise
I've just purchased a loaded out Yukon Denali, black exterior with the ebony interior. It is beautiful and a thrill to ride. It is loaded with all kinds of features also. I tried several others before buying this, like Lincoln Navigator and the Escalade, but for the money this is the one to own.
My wife and I love everything about this vehicle (except my wife complains that she never gets to drive it). The interior improvements over the previous model are incredible. I knew GM could design an interior this well if they put their minds to it. Exterior styling is good, could use a little more uniqueness. However, I still think it's look uplevel (my nephew thinks it's the new Denali). Now have just over 8k miles on the Yukon and gas mileage is OK -- 11-15 city / 15-21 hwy. I switch a lot from E85 to reg unleaded. However, in the last 1k miles, the mileage has greatly improved (coming out of winter doesn't hurt either). A definite good buy.
Just bought the '07 Yukon and it has been great to drive thus far, very big and spacious on the inside. Of course the gas mileage is horrible especially in the city so beware! Also, if you have kids and want storage for stuff this is not the SUV for you because there is no storage, only in the front console. Check it out for yourself.
A perfect combination of power and looks. You feel like king of the road when you are sitting high on the 20" wheels, hit the gas and feel the Denali take off, and listen to the Bose sound system. The rear camera and tight turning radius makes it easy to back into any suitable space. GM has finally created an interior that competes with any import.
Be prepared. Terrible mileage. Highway mileage is good at about 20-22 but city is a lie. In reality it's about 10.5 mpg average over my 14,000 miles driven with 12.5 average overall.
There is no competition with these Yukons. Now I know why they are the best selling premium SUV on the market. The American craftsmanship can't be touched. I have driven some others-Toyota and Nissan are cheap compared to these Yukons and Denalis! Ford is not bad though,way to go GMC and Chevy! The Active Fuel Management engine is great on gas. It's a real beauty.
The Denali with the AutoRide suspension feels tight and has little body roll. You get a 6-speed tranny, 380 hp, 417 torque, and every comfort feature imaginable for under 50k.
We picked up the Denali based on a special price we could not pass up. It replaced our 2001 Tahoe Z71. No comparison. It has been great so far, for the power and features the fuel consumption is reasonable(16.5 mpg) in mixed driving. Thoroughly impressed at this point!
A total home run for GM. Five star technology fit and finish. Drove 465 miles to Las Vegas with absolutely no fatigue. GMs value pricing is for real. This is my second '07 Yukon, the first one I bought had a problem, the dealer exchanged it with absolutely no problem. GM has customer satisfaction down! Works great in the snow. Interesting mileage estimates aren?t far off a Jeep Wrangler
We purchased a Yukon in October, and we love it. We will definitely buy another. In 4 years, we've gone through 15 vehicles between my wife and I, and most of them because she wasn't happy with thier performance. We own a horse farm, and her orignal vehicle was a '99 Yukon. The SUV does great. She has room for all of her things, as well as our two year old's toys and clothes and car seat. She loves to drive it, and when I'm given the option, I like it too. We've taken it on vacation, driven it in the snow, and loved every part of it. It handles better in the snow and ice than our trucks have in the past. Will not hesitate to purchase another. Maybe with more options next time.
Traded in a 1999 Landcruiser for first GM vehicle. Tentative about leaving Toyota quality, but absolutely love the new Denali. The ride, engine and luxury is everything I wanted. I am glad to see GM step up and delivery a US vehicle that can challenge anything in the market. 
I have over 4,000 miles on my SLT. The comfort and drivability are top quality. On the road mileage is consistantly over 21 mpg when cruise control is used in the 70-75 mph range. There is an issue with a vibration and noise when in V4 mode. My wife loves using it to transport the three grandkids.
We now have over 3,000 miles after 3 weeks and really enjoying the ride. Took a Trip from S. Louisiana to Atlanta and got 18.5 MPG even with the rains and traveling 70-75 mph. The 5.3 V8 with the 3.42 rear end helps with the economy.
We have a need for a vehicle capable of towing a travel trailer, and carrying cargo as well as people. The vehicle will also be used for deer and elk hunting, as well trips to the airport with passengers and luggage. This new Yukon XL SLT, fills the bill.
Coming from a 2001 Tahoe I was caught off guard. I love to start the truck from inside my house just to hear the boom of the exhaust outside! For a family man this is a hot ride. Numerous features from adjustable petals for my short wife, to the booming bass Bose system when I'm alone. I'm glad I saved my chips and got the Denali over the slade
I love the Denali! It drives more like a Mercedes M, but smoother. The fit and finish is amazing. The sound (or lack of it) is great! The MSRP on it with Nav, rear ent., sunroof and 20" wheels is $54,500. I paid approx $47,900 ($500 under invoice). 
This has been a great truck thus far. The ride and comfort are on par with an Escalade for about $10k less. Plenty of room for my family, especially on long road trips. Some may comment of the gas mileage and say that you should wait for the hybrid version, but by the time you wait, the actual gain/benefits from the hybrid will be small. 
By far the best ever built. Drives like my Benz. Get it loaded and you won't want to get out of the vehicle. Unbelieveable ride and power. Find myself looking for excuses to drive. 
Traded a nice 2002 Sierra for this fully loaded Yukon and what a step up this is. Only had it a couple of weeks and I'm still in awe of just how cool this big SUV is to drive. Took a while to find one with all the goodies without a sunroof (cuts down on head room). Besides, this is Texas. We get in our vehicles to get out of the sun. I'm hoping the gas mileage improves, but I didn't buy a full size SUV thinking it would get 30 MPG.
This is my first GM product, and so far so good. It's comfortable, smooth, quiet and powerful. The features in the vehicle are vast, and I agree with another Edmunds reviewer that the dealers need to be more aware of the features and their functionality. They were clueless (first time I've actually had to read an owner's manual). Aside from that, I'm very satisfied with the vehicle.
I got the 2007 Yukon after going thru arbitration on my '05 Envoy. The Envoy had some fatal issues that could not get fixed. The dealer offered a killer deal on the '07 with all the amenities besides NAV. (Which I got on EBAY for half the GMC price) This Yukon turns heads where ever we go. I put some modest 20in rims, and a few chrome items here and there and this Yukon pops. 2007 Yukon has great balance, and drivability for my wife. She does not feel intimidated. Good views all around vehicle, kids love the DVD and I love the NAV, wife loves the Bose system. Power is excellent, thinking about getting the performance muffler from GMC to add a little growl to the mix. Love the color match!
This my third Yukon and the best so far. Rides like a car and pulls like mule. Nice SUV/car.
Yukon has exceeded my expectations in most areas save one. The engine idle is the roughest, most annoying setup I have ever experienced. If you aren't moving, the engine idle will pitch and buck the truck giving the sensation of a coffee percolator. Too bad GM refuses to acknowledge the problem. It seems to me that a software upgrade would take care of the problem. That issue aside, this truck handles like a much smaller vehicle. Easy to steer around corners, good sight lines and excellent seating height. Fuel milage has been 16-17 mpg/city and 21-24 mpg/hwy. Pretty good in my book for a 320 hp/V8.
Definitely a luxury mobile. Fun to drive and beautiful interior. Power everything.
I have owned this for two weeks. Day 1, went to start car in driveway, wouldn't start. Had to be towed! Dead Battery, new car? Day 12, the wipers went off by themselves, and stabilitrak light went off. The wipers wouldn't stop. Turned car off to get gas, messages were gone. Took to the dealer. 24 codes had been thrown, but not the two that happened. They can't explain it. it's running fine now.
Only a week old, I searched up and down the Florida coast for this great truck. Gray with light leather int with every option available. So far, she is my dream truck and a sure head turner sporting the 20in polished wheels and very hot looking exterior. This baby has enough toys to keep anyone happy on a long trip or just sitting in the garage :) GM has come to the plate on this truck ! I love my new GMC Yukon 
I went back and forth for a month and a half between a Denali and Escalade, decided after figuring the personal prop tax in VA, payment & DP diff., and cost to insure...I saved $180 a month...and the Escalade didnt have the NAV or rear camera or I-pod jack built in, only xenon and airconditioned seats were not. I came out of an Escalade so the step back was hard, but it was a great decision. I bought a black on black, every option for a great lease price. I get all kinds of compliments, the build quality is head and toes above previous models, and the technology is great. Performance is crazy for a 3 ton truck, ride and handling are car like, and visibility is much improved. A+ and its American!
Great features. Need to address the rear cargo floor area. With the 3rd row seats removed the floor is not flat and very awkward to place groceries or other cargo on. Transmission (6 speed) is downshifting all the time. 
I have owned 5 foreign cars/trucks. 1 VW Jetta in my teens, two BMWs and 2 Range Rovers. My last BMW was just too small for my growing family so we decided on another SUV. We considered the X5, the Armada, the new ML, and the Navigator. After driving all, we were thoroughly impressed with the '07 Denali. To us, by far it was more luxurious than all the others, the ride quality is top of the line, it had ample interior space, and its exterior is quite impressive-and Yukon has an excellent reliability track record. We have black/cashmier, fully loaded with every single option. At least one person does a double take every day I drive it. To spend $50K and not have any remorse says it all.
We test drove several different SUVs even the Tahoe and the Yukon was by far the best! This truck rides on air, beautiful interior, excells in power, braking and comfort. We purchased the SLT model with sunroof and leather. We have always had Ford's but,this vehicle blows them away! Do yourself a favor and check out a Yukon you won't be dissapointed. 
I traded 2001 Denali for this one ordered in Feb . Has 20 in wheels and loaded with everything but sunroof. I liked the old Denali seats better and ind DIC info center also . I wish you could have 6 cd changer and navigation but I will live with that . 6.2 motor is great and overall is heads above my old Denali. This one GM actually did do right for 95% of it . Mileage 15+ so far which averages about 1 mpg over old before break in . I would recommend these to anyone. Do not need all the chrome wheels and handles , I would prefer black handles and polish wheels but they haev to do what sells. 
I have only owned this truck for a week, and I love it. It is my third Yukon, and this one drives much better then the other years. I am only getting 13.1 miles a gallon right now. I hope this will improve as the vehicle wears in. But overall I am in love with this Yukon.
I swore off all American vehicles but then realized I needed the room so I looked at the Denali..what a surprise!! This SUV is awesome.. blows away the other two Fords I have owned. I don't feel like I am driving a truck. This redesign is nothing like the previous model and a loaded Denali is no different then the Escalade without the price tag and bling factor. I LOVE this SUV!!
My last vehicle was an '03 Denali; and with the price increases in gas I was happy to end the lease early to get into the SLT version of the Yukon. The new 5.3 liter engine is at least as fast as the 6.0 liter '03 Denali. I like the fact I'll be able to use E85 fuel when it gets to the Northeast, and the ability to use 4 cylinders at cruising speed is a plus. I'm getting about 1 mile per gallon better now, but feel that will get better as the truck breaks in. The truck is a head turner. I got silver birch with 20" wheels with the Bridgestone tires and it looks great. I love the Navigation radio as I travel thru the bouroughs of NYC, not worring about getting lost. Its a great truck...
After owning 2 Toyota Tundra access cab pickups, I was ready for a true 4+ passenger SUV. I explored all of the competition. At this point, I am totally satisfied with the GMC. Great Ride. Quiet, smooth and exceptionally agile for such a large SUV. The flex engine works well. I am already getting better MPG than either Tundra. GM has hit a home run if reliabiliy and depreciation fare better than in he past. Lets keep GM going. They are listening. Go USA !!! 
I love this car! It has the DVD which my kids love for long car rides and it drives like a dream. It truly is the SUV!
I swore off American made vehicles when I sold my Expedition last year. I am now eating my words and believe the imports need to take serious notice. The GM giant has woken and produced a superior vehicle that could be mistaken for a much higher quality/priced luxury import. ANYONE looking for a SUV needs to put the 07 Yukon at the TOP of their list, PERIOD!
As a Yukon owner for 6 years, the 2007 Yukon is a striking upgrade. Handling is very solid. Exterior fit and finish are noteworthy. Interior design is intuitive and everything works. I miss the rear "barn doors" of my older version. I appreciate the presence of the air bag curtains. All of the luxury items I sought are combined in this large SUV. Prior to the purchase I drove the BMW X5, the Q-ship and my last test drive was a 2007 Yukon. Exiting the 2007 Yukon, the decision was immediate: 2007 Yukon. 
Just purchased 97 Yukon SLT, was on first 1200 mile trip, felt like I dropped two gears and all the warning lights came on, that was at 860 at 1140 happen again and the motor stopped, hairy on the expressway. Computer problems I guess, its in now being looked at. Hope this is a one time deal, love the ride, handling, appearance and it is very quiet. Had several GM SUV's, all good, this seems to be best, will see when dealer is done with it and I get several more thousand miles on it. Will do a update at a later time. Do not want to scare anyone away, can happen to any vehicle, thats the price for all the computers and advancments.
This vehicle is very sound, but I am disapointed with the gas mileage. My 05 Yukon got better mileage.
This Yukon is amazing! The ride and handling is as smooth and responsive as most luxury cars I have owned. The interior is unlike any GM has put out there yet - certainly better than I expected for a $35,000 SUV. It is almost too quiet - could use some more volume from it's Bose stereo system.
This Yukon replaced an 04 Tahoe w/ electrical issue. Love the comfort & interior space. Unfortunately we had it in the shop 7 times for 8 warranty issues in the 1st 6 mo. Now it's going through 6 quarts of oil in just 1,500 miles & I've had numerous other issues that were all warranty related. It's in the shop for no less than a week due to the oil issue which GM is aware of but as advised the dealer not to attempt repair. Luckily I have a good dealer they are trying to resolve the issue but have to tear apart the engine to do so. This all in 19 mo's of use. For the price it's not worth the frustration & days without it! Too bad b/c other than the warranty & oil issues I'd love it!
Replaced a 2001 YukonXL with a 2007 Denali. The quality of both has been great. The 2007 has side-airbags, stabilitrack and higher crash safety. This is not a good tow vehicle, on paper it looks great but the rear suspension is too squirmy - I think it is the air bags that level the load. The steering is ambiguous. A 3/4 ton YukonXL would have been a better choice. 
I have always driven Suburbans and I love them, but if this would have been the 1st one I ever owned I would never buy another one again. I have had nothing but trouble with it since I've owned it. At 13k my transmission went out and I had to be towed in and 19k the alternator went out. Transmission is acting up again and every once in a while it will say add oil to engine and they can not find a leak anywhere. Dealer had done my oil changes to make sure it is being done the correct way and it will still loose 2 quarts of oil. I am getting ready to trade it off and yes I am going to get another Yukon XL because I do love my GMC's but it will not be the 2007 model. 
I was waiting for this model to be available from the used car lot. I finally found the one I liked and was not disappointed. How surprised I was to achieve 17.5MPG driving 75MPH. I love every feature in this truck. Great improvements in the steering, suspension and transmission. the truck is much more stable and smooth on the road compared to 2001 model I had before. Great job GM!
Needed a larger vehicle (had an '05 Sequoia) so we bought the Denali. I have four kids ranging in ages from 17 to 9. I tote kids around for soccer, volleyball, baseball, football, and dance - there is always plenty of room for everyone + friends. And it sounds awesome too!
Bought this Yukon XL 4WD 2007 model back in June 2008 from the dealer in Amman / Jordan. It has a 16 inch standard rims with narrow 245/75 wheels. Unfortunately, this SUV is the worst feel car that I ever drove. You feel uncomfortable in the 1st row, extremely in the 2nd, and worst in the 3rd. It feels like riding an open pickup truck and not at all like an SUV. The suspension is poor, rigid, and when you ride over a bump, the whole SUV shakes like a one rigid piece. Overall, a very bad experience that I will never repeat. 
After being a happy owner of an '03 5.3 Yukon XL, we upgraded to the Denali in '07. What a great vehicle it has been! The main reasons for this selection were the upgraded features, the towing ability, and generous cargo/people space. The burble of the 6.2 reminded me of the string of late 90's TransAms I did time in. Things that made the GMC the best choice over the Navigator were interior ergonomics, the discrete (if not slightly understated) luxury, the engine/6-speed with manual shift selections, and the interior decor (looks great in tan/brown) two tone). Almost two years later, we have not been disappointed. We have had no quality or warranty issues what-so-ever.
First, I am a volleyball mom, buses the kids great with room to spare. It is also my ski vehicle and I haven't missed a great snow day yet with the 4WD, traction, and ABS. In the summer it tows my 5500 lb. boat over Colorado passes to my favorite lakes. It also towed my 30 ft. travel trailer up the entire California coast. Lastly, it tows my motorcycles to my favorite off road trails. I have only bottomed out once! Great tow with room for gear!
This is a great family vehicle. Love its style and comfort. We got a good deal 10,000 off msrp. Only problem is a phantom rattle or vibration in front at low coasting speeds. Dealer can't seem to figure it out. Also we did not get leather so the seats are a terrible lint trap. They collect everything from lint to hair. Towing is great. The fake chrome interior door handles are bad, had to be replaced due to chipping. At that price you think it would be cheaper to do it right the first time.
This was our third Denali. First 2 we loved, but new body was a headache. Constant downshifting with trans and dealership wouldn't acknowledge problem. Friend who's a mechanic has same computer as dealer and tells me all types of codes appear with his computer. Says they don't want to have to do recall with auto sales down (opinion). Paid cash and was dissapointed from day one. Poor gas mileage. Other than that, very comfortable and nice equipment. Have friends with either Yukon or Suburbans or Tahoes and everyone seems to have some type of tranny problem and dealers are looking the other way. Please beware of GM SUV's now. We just have to sell ours.
I like my Yukon, it is easy to manuever and I like to drive it. I previously owned a 1995 Yukon XL and still have it running in good condition at over 200,000 miles. It is more sturdy than the 2007 and I thought that I was getting the same value when I bought my 2007. I having problems with the automatic start though and my lights in the interior coming on when I unlock and open the doors.
I recently purchased my Denali for my expanding family. It is definitely much better than the Escalade. The power 2nd row seats are great and the DVD system is even better. Kids are much quieter in the back. You can watch a DVD in the front screen while parked. Navigation is easy to read and the denali handles very well. Great steering and stopping power. Power liftgate is a great option. Gas mileage is improved with the 6 speed transmission. I sit at 1500 rpms at 60 mph. If you want a stylish and reliable suv, keep the Denali on your list! Only problem: can't read the instrument gauge! It is black and hard to see during daytime. Need it in white! Black interior is very nice
This vehicle has set new standards for me. I am a Suburban driver so I am new to the GMC family. This truck is really nice to drive so comfortable when on a long trip or in town. The Bose radio system has unbelievable sound. My Denali has every option you can get and they all have been great. The only thing is with the price of gas today the mileage could be better. But if I would have wanted 30 mpg I would have gotten a Honda or a small car. I just got 18.2 mpg on trip with the air conditioning on. Don?t be afraid of gas mileage with this truck. The performance with the 380 hp engine has plenty of power for you.
I love my 2007 Denali XL but I have had major issues with it. Guages will quit working while driving, tells me to services suspension system, airbags, and tire pressure. Radio will not work, air condition freezes, windows wont roll down. Service dept has failed to fix it or find the problem. It has been in the shop 3 times. Also had leak in the rear damaged carpet and roof liner. Love the truck. I have been driving Denalis since 2000. I get a new one every year. Huge improvement from 06. 
I love the exterior styling of this vehicle and the actual driving experience. After 16 months, still love the low rumble of the engine, the power and the smooth ride. Also pleased with the space for both passengers and cargo. Most complaints are minor design flaws noted by other owners. Front console needs compartments, 2nd row needs under-seat storage, 3rd row should fold flatter, remove easier. Main complaint is the brake dust rusting on the sides of the vehicle behind the wheel wells!
Great truck. With newborn twins and two older kids along with 2 dogs this truck fit our needs very well. Was very happy with the truck until the 12000 mile service. There is already a TSB. If you get any knocking in the engine, engine warning lights, traction control or stabilitrack error messages- go to your dealer! Cylinder #3 was self-destructing and they will not let me drive it due to safety concerns. Will see how long a new engine takes and am concerned that the new one will have the same issues.
This is an all-round great vehicle except for a few minor things that are ruining the experience. It has the worst high beams since my wife's Aerostar van (a candle anyone?); electrical gremlins have surfaced - the headlights go out while driving and then mysteriously return later - dealer can't diagnose and OnStar can't find anything; while idling, the truck activated the windshield washers and emplied the tank; problems with the rear view camera that were fixed with upgraded contacts. Driven responsibly, the fuel economy is on par with my 2005 AWD Yukon XL (a bit worse in town and a bit better on the highway). Tons of room inside yet remarkably easy to park in the city.
This truck is great. I have 3 kids, a husband and a German Shepard and it fits all with great comfort. The extra space in the rear is great for the travel luggage of 5 people.
Bumper cracked from end to end after backing out of driveway over small mound of snow was told by owner of body shop that it wasn't our fault it was the fault of poor design of front bumper, will always have this concern because front bumper acts like a huge scoop that allows accumulation and eventual breaking of 2 clips which are currently backordered more than likely they are in demand because of all the bumper repairs was told to strongly pursue issue because of possible chronic replacements GM will not assist unless brought to GM dealership at our expense for evaluation Will they risk alerting the customer of this design fault, we think not WILL PURSUE THIS WITH ALL WE'VE GOT! GM FAILS
OK so I used to drive a Mercedes Benz G wagon. I thought this Denali would be way slow. But to my suprise it was not! I love everything about it. It gets up and goes whenever I hit the gas, and the navigation is very helpful. 
Who says American made cars are to plain and simple? Well not my 07 GMC Yukon Xl. It has plenty of power, plenty of room, and is very comfortable. 
I purchased the newly designed 2007 model Denali with all the options. With winter here in Idaho, the accumulation of 1/4 inch of ice on the rear bumper, blocks the lift gate from opening. With the automatic lift gate option it keeps trying to open until it completes its cycle with all of the grinding that makes you cringe.. There is no splash guard to keep the tires from throwing snow and ice on the running boards. The build up of only a few inches does not allow the doors to open, or it drags the bottom of the door. When the snow melts on the roof it runs down between the door pillars and drops out the bottom and freezes on the running board, keeping the door from opening, or rubbing.
We were actually looking to buy the Yukon XL 1500 with leather seats and rear dvd because we needed the extra room for our growing family. The dealer gave us a great deal on the Yukon XL Denali with most options except navigation and rear camera. We ended up paying $44K after taxes, title, & trade-in ('00 montero sport w/ ~100K miles). We didn't think it was a bad deal. So far the truck has been exceptional.
I purchased the Yukon XL to replace my minivan. Expected gas economy worse than my minivan. So far I'm 1mpg better. Increasing tires to 40psi and driving efficiently garners 18.5mpg city. Haven't had a road trip yet but I am looking forward to it. Bigger, safer and more fuel efficient than my old Montana? I'll take two.
This was my 3rd purchase for a GMC Yukon Denali.My first two were excellent vehicles. The vehicle is loaded with luxury options such as heated front and rear seats, IPOD capability, heated steering wheel, navigation, satellite radio, leather, wood grain accents, reareview camera and sensors, remote start, sunroof, 20 inch chrome rims, running boards and a Bose stereo system.Compared to a Cadillac Escalade ESV and you will be paying $10000 or more just for the Cadillac name.The Engine is responsive and supplies plenty of power for cargo and several passengers.The suspension and ride is superb and comfortable.The 07 GMC Yukon Denali is an excellent vehicle for those who seek comfort and style.
I pull a 26foot trailer and when it comes to a hill you think your in a 4 cylinder. GMC should not sell this as a tow unit.
We traded in a 2006 BMW 530i for our 2007 Yukon XL Denali (we have infant twins). My only complaints are some of the "luxury" aspects of the vehicle. Some of the interior design is 2nd rate for the price (dash board, area between seats, display, etc.). It rides great at all speeds. My wife was extremely nervous because of the size, but now has no fears. If you have a big family, this is your car. Plenty of space, plenty of power, plenty of quality. For all that complain about gas mileage-what do you expect? The vehicle weighs 7,000 lbs. It is the safest for my family. It carries my family with gear--sorry mini-vans, but I can pass cars with no problem at any highway with a loaded car.
Love the ride, the power and the exterior design. This is the 7th Suburban/Yukon XL I've owned and by far the best in comfort, power, gadgets, and looks.
Of course this Denalli is awesome in every way. I thought our 03 Yukon was the best thing since sliced bread, but the Denalli made it seem like a 2 for 1 deal at KIA. But have you ever removed your third row seats? If you don't have a chiropractor you better get one. Why are these not folding flat yet? It makes me cringe when we need the space! Where's the hood light? Also a vehicle in this price range really should have air conditioned seats. And last but not least, as expected the stellar gas mileage. Obviously OPEC subsidises these vehicles in order to keep profits up, I mean this truck will outrun most sports cars on the road today but you'll never pass a gas station.
I bought this vehicle for carrying multi-passengers and for towing a boat. It does both with style and ease. The big engine option is worth it if you are going to tow, but don't expect stellar gas mileage from this. It does well for what it is. Console with DVD/Navigation gets a little busy and the illumination of the dials could be better. After 7 hours of driving I am not beat like I was driving our Lexus. This is a great blend of towing power and comfort.
Incredibly smooth ride for a vehicle of this size in and around city. Handles with great ease, acceleration is smooth and corners very well. Inside of vehicle is done tatefully with easy access to navigation and audio controls. Captains seats in second row are very comfortable and leave an access to third row for kids from middle without having to remove the second rows every time you have to get off. It also makes the inside feel very open and roomy. 
Purchased on 2/23/2007 to replace my 04 Yukon XL Denali. It has a lot of upgrades for only 2k than the 03. The steering is much improved along with handling. The updated NAV and dash layout is great! Entry into the rear seats is much easier with power fold up. The sunroof does not make the presure noise of the past. Six speed trans is very smooth and increased MPG by 5 already. I miss the old seats, and dual tip computer on the steering wheel. The cruise is better, but like the old stereo controls. The center console is larger, but glove is smaller. It seems like lots of vinyl instead of leather with lots of plastic. The dash is hard to read in daylight and missing 2nd visor. New Opts a +
I can't rave enough about this vehicle to do it justice! It overshot everything I expected of it. I thought my 2003 Suburban was the ultimate but this 2007 version surpasses it. It is quiet, superior ride and handling, power up the whazzoo, smooth as silk and outstanding fuel economy! Thank you General Motors! Once again you have whizzed passed all the rest with a mile or more to spare!
Purchased about 2 months ago and has been nothing but fantastic! The Yukon XL handles well and GMC offers features to appease anyone. I highly recommend for anyone that is looking for a large SUV. Gets better than expected gas miles on the highway but does drink it down in the city.
At 3600 our '07 Yukon started having what I thought was transmission slipage. Dealer lubed slip yoke, then proceeded to replace 2 of them to no avail. Now worse than ever! If I didn't have a klunk in my rear end I would be very happy. Much improved from our '99.
The vehicle performs very well. Towing a travel trailer across the country I got 12 mpg which I thought was fine. Solo it gets close to 20. Over 6,000 miles it has used no oil and the computer says to change it at 15,000 miles. The fit and finish was a little disappointing. I need to take it to the dealer to have the strip on the passenger side replaced as it is falling off. The right rear wheel well also has a slight defect. Other than the finish problems the vehicle performs very well. The navigation system is very good and performs exceedingly well. It got us out of several problems with detours. The preprogammed trips are excellent.
Purchased this car on 01/02/07 to replace our 2001 Suburban LT 4x4. Demo with 1000 miles on it. Immediately drove from SF Bay area to Lake Tahoe for a week's vacation. Remote start was unbelievable. Start the car from the house, 10 minutes later, the car is warmed up, heat on full, heated seats on, etc. Such a pleasure! Kids love the DVD with wireless headsets, mom can listen to her music, too! Handles the mountain altitude extremely well - the 6-speed automatic really shifts smoothly on the steep inclines. Much better than the 'Burb. Poor FM reception and distance. Great XM radio, but we need road conditions, etc.
I had two Expeditions before getting the Denali XL. The first Expedition (pre 2003 model) was great. The next Expedition was awful! Which makes the Denali look that much better! I love the space (Expedition lacked terribly), love the look, love the package (I got it loaded out), love everything about it (except of course the MPG... but was expected!). If you are looking for a wonderful SUV that is large enough to take a family of 5 (3 boys and mom and dad) on vacation yet nimble enough to park in the Walmart parking lot, this is it! Can't give it enough praise! 
Excellent SUV for price/size/features. I am totally satisfied with the ride, handling and power. My wife and kids loves it. I think its mileage is better when compared to other SUVs at the same size. 
Best looking SUV for the money. Great at the pump without sacrificing performance and comfort.
I love driving my wife's new Yukon. Overall a really great ride. I drive 2005 Ford Truck and this GMC truck rides like a car. Ford can take a cue. 
Had it over a month now. Great ride. Improved fuel economy over old Surburban. 
This truck drives great! We have two small children and it works great for our family.
Upgraded from a 2003 Envoy XL. Love the Denali model. Big truck, the 6.2l engine has a nice rumble to it. MPG is as you would think, about 12mpg. But hey, if you wanted 40mpg, go buy a Honda. 
You will not be disappointed with this vehicle if you bought it to tow or carry people or both. Don't skimp on the engine choice. This big boy is worth the extra cash! Just plain fun to drive if you like performance. Pulling a boat loaded with gear for over 700 miles was a pleasure. I had to look in the mirror to make sure the boat was still there. The daytime reading of the instrument cluster is a pain. GM could take a lesson from Lexus in this area. Otherwise I am perfectly happy with this purchase, except I have to look for excuses to take it somewhere!! 
We purchased '07 Denali XL as a replacement for BMW X5. For us, this car offered best combination of luxury, performance, and price. Interior design and trim are outstanding, 6.2L V8 is responsive and quiet, and suspension is soft, without sacrificing handling performance. Turning radius of this car is actually amazing, given its size. Right after break-in period, we are getting about 17.5-18 mpg on highway (driving between 70 and 75 mph, with 3 adults and 3 kids and some luggage, mostly flat road, AC cooling off 100F outside to 71F inside). Day to day mix of highway and city gives us around 14mpg. Compared to X5, this is about 1 less on highway - 2 in city, but w/ cheaper gas
Have had mine for a week+. I've had two other Yukon XL Denalis with an '05 the last. This one promises to be the best. One major flaw and a safety issue is that you cannot see the instrument cluster in daylight. Night viewing is fine. Before buying check that out and ask the dealer to guarantee a fix. The old Denalis had a built-in mud guards & the '07 doesn't so you should consider adding that or the sides of your vehicle will be a mess. With these two items fixed I would highly recommend this vehicle to anyone wanting a BIG SUV to tow a trailer, boat or just to haul a bunch of "stuff" and/or people around in relative. I didn't expect great mileage and that expectation was fullfilled.
We just upgraded from our '05 Yukon to the '07 Yukon XL (due to a new arrival in the family). I was skeptical that there would be little to no difference in the actual ride quality, but I am no longer skeptical. This vehicle is hands down more comfortable than the previous models. I won't purchase one with leather until GM can prove that it can install leather that doesn't wear so horribly. Ours is an SLE, but opted for the rear entertainment, remote start, and XM as well. I appreciate that you load the DVD to be played in the front of the vehicle instead of the rear. I must say that the ride rivals that of my parent's 2005 Lexus LX470. Test drive one, you will feel the difference
GMC has hit a home run with 07 YukonXL Denali. Priced way less than Escalade ESV and much tamer looks, this SUV has it all. We've owned it just under a month and the family loves it. Great ride, lots of power..and yeah yeah..could use better mileage. Entertainment system a hit with the kiddos,and Dad loves how it handles. Get one, you'll love it. 
Only days with my new YukonXL Denali and it's clear GM has hit a grand slam! Awesome ride, excellent comfort, power to spare at 380HP, DVD is great for the kids, 20 inch chrome wheels dress it up, build quality seems great, this vehicle (Black Onyx and Black Leather interior) is a head turner. Sure gas mileage could be better (currently 11 to 13 MPH around town...expect it to improve slightly). GM did their homework and got the voice of the customer in designing the new Denali. Impressive.
This is our third Yukon second Denali and it's great. Its drivability, style,accesories and comfort are exceptional. My wife bought it for me for mothers day and we have driven it everyday since. It has plenty of power, handles bumpy roads with the smoothness of our Lexus. The interior with the XM radio makes you want to just sit in the car. We were discussing putting in a DVD and sit in the back and watch a movie but it did not come with popcorn. seriously very happy with this vehicle.
Mileage has been ok at 22 in town and 27-29 highway. Power is great with quick pick-up and easy pull in mountains of Tennessee, and Kentucky. This is a Florida car with good a/c in the summer. Am disappointed with small stuff like a rattle that the dealer can't find - I think it's the exhaust pipe, the dealer installed automatic mirror needing replacement, and the cubby hole door in the dash not staying closed. Surprising for Honda.
I purchased this car because I travel for work. What a mistake! The seats are very uncomfortable on long commutes and there is constant road and wind noise!!! I would not recommend this car for anyone who travels for a living. The ride is too stiff also. I guess this is how Honda makes a separation with Acura. I cannot wait to get another car. This time I will do extensive research before I purchase based on reliability only.
I bought this car used with 12,500miles on it and I have enjoyed driving it. With full options, it is a nice smooth ride with comfortable seats, and the ladies love it! I have not had cause to visit the repair shop. Just the regular oil change and servicing. Low running costs. The sound system is very good. My main problem with the car has been the fuel consumption. The best mpg I have ever measured on this car is 5miles per liter (18.9mpg). My worst was 230miles on a full 17.1 gallon tank! Traffic is bad in my area but I still expect better. On rough tarmac, the road noise is very audible. All in all, it's the best car I've owned to date and I used to drive a C220 Benz.
I bought new in June 2007. Great gas mileage, 26-32mpg it depends on speed, etc. I don't like that the headlights are not automatic. This is the first car that I've owned in the last ten years that did not have auto headlights. The seats are not comfortable after a while. I have taken this car on a few road trips and my body hurts after a couple of hours. It's great for my 30 mile work commute though. I had to replace the brakes at 50k miles. I had a blowout on one of the rear tires at about 40k. I expect both of these things to happen on a car of this caliber. It's not a luxury car but is dependable and does what I need. 
Bought 2nd hand with 15k miles for a second auto... Surprised me.. Now my regular car... Fun to drive... Totally reliable.. Very quick... Great handling.. Ave gas mileage 22 city 29 hwy with ac and I do push it a bit... Hated the velour seats.. Always covered with dog hair so I put in leather.. Huge help.. I consider this to be an underrated really excellent auto ... Get one.
Had a problem with the passenger's window that Honda would not fix. The dealer did fix it free of charge. Problem with the power steering leaking when under warranty. No problem found until end of warranty. Honda fixed it without charge because it was noted on the service report during warranty period. Brakes had to be replaced early. Tire had to be replaced at my cost.
A very good car. No problems except for a grinding noise in back window when raised or lowered. Warranty covered it. -Lots of interior room. -Good (not great) mileage. 25/26 city, 33/34 highway. -Smooth 4 cyl. engine. -Nice manual tranny. -Should last for a long time! -Nice, intuitive controls.
Thus far, I'm enjoying the car. I previously owned a Nissan Maxima, but maintenance became too expensive so I opted to buy an old faithful Honda. The gas mileage stinks on the V-6, but it's great that it uses regular unleaded instead of premium like the Maxima. Overall, I like the interior and the stereo system is pretty good too, just wish I could play my MP3 player. It's a fun car.
I purchased this car over the 2008+ models, since I prefer the previous body style. This car has been a delight to own thanks to its responsive engine, nimble handling, well-appointed and designed interior and impressive fuel economy. I've averaged 27.5 mpg in mixed city/hwy driving with the A/C on full blast. Only complaint is a car at this level NEEDS to come with an auxiliary MP3 input jack. I'm not wild about the standard Michelin tires, either. They are noisy and telegraph every pavement joint and bump through the steering column. 
I bought my Accord new in 3/2007 and it now has 29,000 miles on it. It's been mechanically reliable but it does have minor quirks: dashboard rattles, hard uncomfortable seats, door tape that keeps bubbling/wrinkling up, and weak paint that chips easily. I've had to take it to the dealer several times to get rid of a check fuel cap message that was caused by a faulty evap system in the gas tank. Other than that the car's been reliable. It gives me 28-29 mpg in my commute. Tops is 31 mpg when I drive like a granny. It's a good car but it lacks passion. I have a lot more fun driving my 2001 Firebird and the seats are more comfortable in it too. Still, the Accord is reliable and cheap to feed.
Owned 1999 Accord V6 sedan for 125,000 carefree miles. We sold it at full price to the first person to see it. Decided to try a 4 cylinder coupe and glad we did. Not a big difference with performance/ride(initially a concern) compared to V6 sedan and much more fun to drive. We were looking for value and feel that the premium for the upgraded models is not warranted for our needs. My wife drives a Lexus and has no complaints with this car. I will always drive a Honda, buy one and you will also.
I got the base model LX and it came with nice rims, CD and all of the basic options one would need in a car. The car has a great appearance. I love the clean and simple lines and it looks awesome in red. The handling and suspension is far better than any car in it's class. It really feels very Lexus-like on the road. The 4cyl could use a touch more power but it has good pickup and it's very quiet and smooth with the 5A. The only issue I have is the defroster - it takes a long time to defrost...
Looked everywhere on for Scion TCs, VW Rabbits and got the best deal amongst all of them and got it for under $15k. Great car, my first brand new car and my previous car was an Accord too. Handles great. Plenty of space in the back for friends. Only issue is that the VP doesnt have power mirrors or rear speakers. Going to purchase some Infinitis for the rear and sure that this car will run forever.
This is our second Honda. My children drive a 2005 Civic LX We have been very impressed with the quality and value of that car, so when it was (finally) time to drive a car again and trade the Suburban, we researched mid- size sedans. All of the consumer claims about the Honda Accord seem to be true. Interior controls come to hand easily and logically (except the airconditioning On button), exterior is very well designed and attractive and build quality is excellent. Rear passenger room is the best of any car we sampled. Seats are comfortable for a long drive, the truck is cavernous and the eng9ine is silent and powerful. All in all, a sober, prudent, great value.
Best car that I have owned, so far. Quality is no 1. Amazing room for a Honda. And great handling. Can't even hear the engine run!
Just drove home the 2007 Accord V6 and it is fantastic. The V6 is better than my I30 V6 and nearly as good as the G35. This is my 3rd Accord, had a '93 and '96 before I lost my mind and bought the 01' I30 which was a great value but current G35 and M are overpriced so I went back to Honda. Looked at TSX several times and again not as good as the Accord V6. And did I mention the year end deals...3K below cost...Thanks Honda!
Wow, I was strictly a V-8 man before purchasing this V-6 Hybrid beauty. I get 35 to 38 mpg highway and around 25 in town. Comfort, style, and great handling in this car. I actually bought two 07 Honda Accords, one for my wife (4cyl) non hybrid and the 6cyl Hybrid for me. She loves her Accord also -- it gets 34mpg hwy. Honda quality and workmanship throughout. Too bad Honda has made the decision to discontinue the Accord as a Hybrid. I really don't think they marketed the car that well. I didn't know Honda built an Accord in Hybrid form until I saw one at the dealership. 
Bought because of the reliabilty of Honda not so much the style or performance. Typical middle class family car and very common on the road. Simple controls are convenient but its not fun to drive.
After many weeks of deliberation I finally decided on an EXL Honda Accord. I have previously owned Accords and my track record with them has been excellent. I am impressed with the car's interior and the responsive handling. It sure feels nice to be driving a new car again. 
I've had Honda's my whole life - from 16 until now (34). This Accord is a beautiful car and incredibily comfortable. We've driven it from Houston to Phoenix, to OKC, and back again and haven't complained once. It rides so smoothly I have to really keep an eye on my speed. 
I now have 15000 miles on car. Superb body structure and build quality. Paint quality amazing for production vehicle. Quiet, comfortable, reliable. Excellent fuel economy for its size: 29 mpg. avg. I drove Camry, Fusion, Aura...Sportier than Camry, Much better build quality and interior design than either Fusion or Aura. Reliabilty should be top notch: I have 220000 miles on 1991 Accord that I still own.
Great on the road and very smooth engine and just great on the MPG. Love the calculator since i am metric...lolol
I chose the 07 Accord SE over a Camry LE as the Accord has a better engine (VTEC) and to my mind sportier look and feel. I chose the SE specifically since it has the better brakes and tires of the higher-priced models (as well as the six CD changer) but not the luxury accutrements I don't need at this point. I've always been a fan of Hondas and the Accord has not disappointed me so far. There are no surprises--a great look, super reliable engine and superb engineering. 
Purchased this car in June of 07 as a 2nd vehicle and have about 5000 miles on it. The ride ride is nice and smooth and no mechanical problems to date. As for the bad stuff....TONS of road noise, Interior function is nice but quality has slipped. Power door switches in the driver door keeps popping out, rattle in the driver door and somewhere in the dash and don't know if Accord owners noticed but light from the glovebox comes through at night with the headlights on. Radio needs serious updating/more power. Seats are nice but with it had more support and adjustments. The engine is smooth but the transmission shifts are rougher than I am use to in other 5- speed automatics.
Just got my 07 EX-L 2.4L Graphite Pearl. Very comfortable seats, leather is good quality. A bit sluggish out of the gate normal w/4 cyl. On fwy passes with ease and seems to be in its groove around 2500+rpm's. There are 3 things lacking. 1) fog lights should be standard on all EX-L's. 2)Moonroof should fully open without having to hold the button down 3)Door locks should automatically lock when shifted in into drive and auto unlock when shifted into park. All of these features though can be added to the car later if you really need them. The fog lights are readily available and also electronic after market modules for both the automatic door locks and moonroof. 
I was a 7 yr Honda Civic owner and I really wanted to branch out to something more exciting and sexy; BMW or Volvo. But after months of research and learning what I know about reliability and resale value of these brands, I could not leave Honda. I am very pleased with my honda accord LX 4 cyl manual. I really love the shifting in a Honda, compared to a Toyota, which is more mushy and clunky. A Honda shift is smooth and exact. Love getting a bigger car but still 26/34 mpg. Very happy.
Picked up a Honda Accord for the wife to drive. It seemed to be a good economical car, but hasn't gotten near the EPA mileage. The six cylinder with the auto is nice, but not as economical as we thought. The interior is well put together and somewhat plush like a 1980's Buick. The parts fit together well and are acceptable for a 25K car. The ride is an anamoly...flaccid yet tinny. Not much of a step up from a Civic. 
After considering the purchase of this car for almost 20 years, I finally picked one up. I paid probably more than I should have but the dealer would not let it go and I could not find another one on the north east. It is the most impressive family 6 cyl, MT car I have ever driven in its class. I have not had such a thrill diving a car since a VW Passat almost 10 years ago. This car is simply amayzing.
Previous owner of a 98 EX coupe with 183K trouble-free miles. I hated to sell it, but I needed 2 extra doors. The '07 fits like a glove, handles crisp and tight, and gets great gas mileage. Had to get used to a couple of things from my old Honda like the absence of the change drawer on the left, but there's one in the center in front of the shifter. The radio controls are a little more complex, but having basic volume and channel buttons on the steering wheel are great. An overall well-rounded and well-balanced car. Best of all, no more timing belt! (I think the timing chain was introduced in '03) With the suggested improvements listed below, this car would have no rival. Coming in '08?!
First brand new car I ever purchased. Totally worth it . Drive smooth, quiet inside. Great on gas. I find it roomy for a coupe
I finally thought it was time to let go of my beloved 1994 Accord and replace it with another one. I looked at the options out there and kept coming back to the 2007 Accord. I'm glad I made the right decision!
Car rides tightly, smoothly, great on winding roads. Good engine power, AT transmission a bit abrupt at stop and go slower speeds trying to find comfortable gearing. Great rear seat room!
This is our first Honda owned. We also test drove the new Camry but we would have had to buy the v6 due to the v4 lack of power and transmission responsiveness on the highway. We test drove both the v4 and v6 Accord and decided that the v4 had enough power for highway driving so it saved us some money up front and later on with gas mileage. The steering and handling of the car is amazing going around corners and parking. The exterior and interior design is very polished and sporty. The engine and transmission of the v4 is very smooth. So far its been a very fun car to drive! 
Among the five Accords and Civics we've owned, this one is the most un-Honda. At freeway speeds, the power train has a gear whine like an old bad differential. It whines under load and is quiet when coasting. So on the flat and level, as the load goes on and off, the whine flutters irritatingly. The acceleration is uneven when shifting from first to second. Over moderate undulations on the freeway, the rear suspension feels loose like the boulevard ride on a big, heavy GM sedan in the old days. The gas mileage barely makes the Maroni numbers (altho we've got less than 1000 miles on it.) The speed related power steering assists too much at freeway speed, and not enough when parking. 
I also tested an 07 V6 6MT altima but decided to purchase an 07 Accord sedan v6 6MT 2 weeks ago so I haven't opened it up yet but, coming from someone who's owned 2 5.0 Mustangs, Taurus SVO, and a Grand Prix GTP, the 6speed manual definitely holds its own. I wish others would discuss prices and help future buyers determine a decent deal -- with destination charge i paid 24899, plus 6/100,000 warranty (no ded.) and wheel/tire protection both for 1130. I dealt directly with the sales manager and this was his first offer -- and I always heard Honda wouldn't negotiate. Only modification is K&N drop-in air filter which seems to help some. I'm very pleased thus far.
Perhaps my expectations were too high. I have owned three Acuras, which were of higher quality. And three Mazdas, which required no warranty service visits. This car required three warranty service visits before the 18,000 mile point. One for a blocked drain and a rattle in the dash, one for a protective cover in the wheelwell that fell off, and one to turn the front brake rotors that warped at 7K (mostly highway) miles. One of the reasons I paid a premium for a Honda is to avoid these multiple service visits. The brakes are weaker than they should be, and the handling could be somewhat more crisp. I find the ride quality to be comfortable. 
We have enjoyed the car immensely. Every time someone sees it they say it is such a beautiful car. In addition, they mention to us how reliable and how good the gas mileage is. 
First week with new Honda EX - no regrets. Car is very smooth, quiet, roomy. Dark Graphite color looks great on it, grey interior matches with metal trims - very elegant. Fuel economy after first week not bad at all. On first tank gas 70% hwy 30% city my averege is around 32 mpg! Love it!
I had owned a Sebring 2004 before buying the Accord. Had done a ton of research on all the cars as far as reliability and gas mileage and found Honda to be the best for the price, as I got a terrific deal. Even with the 4 cylinder, it has a lot of pep. I haven't gone on a long trip yet, but the around town gas mileage is a LOT better than the Sebring!! I'm VERY pleased with this car.
I purchased a 2007 Honda Accord Coupe LX V6 based on Honda's reputation for reliability and the good looking coupe. It's a strong car, but have discovered quite a few issues: (1) at 300 miles on the odometer, something inside the dash started rattling loudly, (2) when driving slowly (5 - 10 mph), the automatic transmission keeps jerking with a noticeable thud up and down, (3) the suspension is very rigid and you can feel all the bumps, and (4) seats are a bit uncomfortable. The jerky transmission makes me a bit worried that it will fail in a couple years.
We just bought our 2007 Honda Accord in June of '07, and honestly it is the best vehicle we have owned yet. We had never owned a Honda before, but became interested in their reliability when the 2007 Indy Car series chose to use Honda engines, and have yet to experience a single problem with them. It is amazing. The Accord itself is very sporty on the outside, yet very luxurious on the inside for such an inexpensive base priced luxury vehicle. We owned a Chevrolet Tahoe before the Accord, but do not feel squished or that we have lowered our expectations for a sedan. If anything they have been raised by our Accord! The fuel efficiency is quite close to what Honda estimates. Very Impressive.
Bought this car to replace my Dodge truck and its terrible mileage. I have been very pleased with the car so far. Gas mileage has averaged 28-31 mpg in mixed highway and city driving. I drive over 50 to work and back each day and am never uncomfortable. This is the second Accord I have owned (the first was a 1987) and the improvement is immense.
I decided to wait to write this review until owning the car for a month. I love this car and have no idea why people are complaining about the ride? Ride is not stiff enough actually, a little more body roll than I would like. But overall I think this car does an amazing job of balancing luxury, sport, reliability, and comfort in one vehicle. The 6-speed/V6 combo rocks!
I have had my Accord for three weeks. The SE was an easy choice over the LX for the added features at a slight cost adjustment. Ride is classic Honda: tight and stable, and the quality is super. The four cylinder is more than adequate and gets very similar mileage that my 2005 Civic had. The five speed automatic is very smooth and reads speed and geography superbly. I changed from the Civic to the Accord for safety. The Accord offers a great list of standard safety features. I wish that a customer didn?t have to go to a six cylinder to get Vehicle Stability Control; it should be standard in this day and age. The Brake Assist has a little too much exuberance.
Had my accord for 4 months now, I was hoping when I bought the manual tranny, I would get better mileage. I drive mainly on country roads, so not town or highway, my vehicle is averaging between 31 and 33 mpg in these conditions. The car handles great and is fun to drive, great job Honda, a satisfied customer.
Fun to drive, very good mileage, interior is ok, reliable, handling is good and I like the performance.
We were very excited about our first Honda. Words cannot express how disappointed I am with the car and with the dealership. The rear windows in the car have not worked properly since the night we got it home, dealership has replaced everything except the window pane itself and we are still having problems with it. The car makes a loud whining noise when moving in reverse, dealer claims it's just regular brake noise. Fuel economy is great, but the quality of this car is awful. As soon as my head is above water I'm going back to Toyota. A lot of my friends love their Accords, I think I just got a bad apple, which unfortunately tarnishes my entire image of Honda. Will never buy another.
Turned in my Honda Civic lease car with plans to lease another Civic. But the Accord was so much quieter and smoother riding than the Civic. So I ended up leasing an Accord. Love the 6 CD set up. Nice sound system. Manual transmission is smooth. The manual transmission seems to be much better mated to the engine than the automatic. Automatic seemed noiser and rougher. Plus the manual gets a bit better mileage. I average about 27 mpg in mostly city driving. (The Civic did get better mileage.) The engine is silky smooth for a 4-cylinder. Plenty of power. Who needs 6 cylinders? Honda makes great engines. Love the Moroccan red color.
I bought my coupe after looking at the Acura TSX and the TL and I'm glad I saved my money and went with the Honda. It drives like a dream and the engine has all the power I need not to mention it takes regular unleaded.
My last 2001 Accord LX V6 was probably the last best Honda Accord model. I had to trade it in for EX-L V6 and here all my disappointments started. New EX Accord interior design is very good, however leather trim on steering wheel is sticking out on one side, while it's flush with plastic on the other side. The car developed rattling noise somewhere in the rear door or behind it. The car is in repair now at only 300 miles on it. Trunk liner and rear door plastic are cheap and not flush with metal.
This car reminds me of the quiet looking family sedans of the 1960's that housed serious power. But with the Honda you get the addition of handling. Can't tell you how many times we have lost this car in the parking lot. It looks like every other 4 cyl LX model.
This is my first Honda and I have had it a little over a month. It has plenty of pep for a 4-cylinder, doesn't lag too much when accelerating I am looking forward to years of trouble free maintenance and reliability, both major factors in deciding to purchase the Accord. Estimated mileage is OK, currently I do 60% city 40% highway and I average 24- 25 MPG. I know the car has to be broke in, so hopefully I will see closer to 30 in the coming months. 
I've owned my Accord for 2 weeks. This is our 3rd Honda and I purchased based on reliability/performance I've had with other vehicles. I averaged right around 25 mpg on first tank of gas. I really like the fit and feel of the interior and like the way the controls are layed out. I've seen other reviewers cite it as boring, but I like it. I've seen others cite the brakes as an issue-but not so! (but even with the price didn't think it could match Honda). Love the car, especially in beautiful royal blue pearl!
Exceptional car. Great performance, handling, gas mileage, build quality, very comfortable. Better looking cars out there, but the more I drive it, the better it looks. In my opinion the best car for the price, hands down. Resale is second to none, may not find out for some time though.
I just purchased the 2007 Honda Accord 4 cylinder VP. I had it for two days when the AC delay needed to be replaced. Which was no big deal, but the gas mileage is absolutely horrible. I've been getting about 18- 21 MPG. Get this, I travel 85% highway. I'm very disappointed in the mileage. I thought for sure I would at least get 28-31MPG or more since I drive mostly highway. Other than that, great car! I would recommend the car, but make sure you are aware of the mileage.
This car is great. Got it new for less than 19k and it was worth every penny of it. Could have a little more power in the 4cyl though. 
Second Accord. First was EX-L 4cyl, opted for the V6 this time and I'm getting the same mileage as the 4cyl with loads more power and refinement. It also has stability control which the 4cyl didn't have. This is a very nice riding and handling car. I will definitely buy Honda products again.
This is my first new new car and I love it. I went with the LX V6 because I don't care about leather seats and dual climate control and I couldn't be happier with my decision. Compared with the new Nissan coupe and the Solara, this car was far and away the best desicion. 
I own a 2007 Honda Accord EX-L (I4). This is the best car I ever owned. The ride comfort is awesome!! Heated seats and mirrors. Automatic Dual-Zone climate control. Standard auto driver's seat. Standard power moonroof on my model.
Great car except for rough downshifts when coming to a stop (SE auto) to the point where it feels like the car "jumps" a little. Took it to the dealer twice and they reassured me that it runs fine. And the brakes are pretty weak/soft.
This was The Right Choice for several reasons. I had it down between a Volvo V50 and the Accord and picked the Honda for mileage and interior room reasons. I have a long commute, so interior comfort and mileage were top priorities. Skip Honda's link for iPod. I had it installed and wrote the dealer that very night to arrange a time to bring the car back and have it removed. Got an aftermarket unit that's half the price and mixes the ease of an iPod with the direct-link sound quality. Great car. Comfortable, practical and keeps its value at trade-in time!
I've owned Hondas ever since and have been happy with them but wanted to try the luxury version so had my eyes set on the '07 TL. At first, I was reluctant in considering the Accord but with gas prices on the rise and after doing multiple researches, reading reviews and such, I gave it a try. I've had it for 2 wks now and am enjoying every minute of it. I avg 33.6 mpg mixed driving with A/C, navi, and CD on! It has good acceleration, enough power, smooth and quiet ride. I recommend this car to anyone looking for comfort, functionality and efficiency. Honda has lots of standard features that other manufacturers offer as options. 
LOVE this car. Drives well, looks great, all-around wonderful. Wish I could've sprung for the navigation. My only regret is in getting black on black. I've only had it for 2 weeks and I've had to wash it twice already.
Bought this car 2 weeks ago. Ride is smooth and on the highway I don't even realize am going 80 mph. Comfortable seats, plenty of leg room, especially with tilt and telescopic wheel. Fun to drive. Glad I bought a Honda.
I've owned this car about 2 months now. Overall I would say the car is OK , but nothing really stands out about it. I would recommend it since it's not a bad car, but this review is basically to point things out that I wish Honda had done differently. I wanted a 2 door car, but nothing really caught my attention while car shopping, and I basically settled on this car (I will drive it until something more interesting comes on the market). I will say that it gets good gas mileage. On straight highway driving, it gets the 34 MPG that the window sticker says, and in mixed city driving I get 26. I think the 4 cylinder engine has enough performance for my taste. I haven't owned it long eno
I traded my 2004 Acura TSX w/57k for this baby! I looked for months for a car to "catch" my eye. I got the Sapphire Blue w/ black leather & NAV, its a beauty to drive! Great feel of the road, and roomey enough my kids no longer kick me. We loved our TSX, but this is extrodinarily similar on the inside! All the buttons are pretty much the same, but gave me the creature comforts of my old TSX while giving me the RL space. AND I saved money! I couldn't figure how to program the radio presets, or turn down the fan on the climate control yet but I have the bible to read now. Honda hit it out of the park with this one! The 6-speed is a blast and the V6 makes it not my Mom's car! Watch Out Road
This is my third Honda vehicle and the best by far owned 89 Accord Lxi sdn had a 2006 Accord EX-L 4cyl now the best 2007 EX V6 love the car it had great performance love the way it hold the road and the mileage for a V6 is the same as the 4 cylinder I had last year this is a great vehicle and I am a proud Honda owner. My wife drives a 2005 Accord so we are hooked on Honda Accord owners to the end. GREAT JOB HONDA GREAT JOB
This is the best car available in this market segment at this cost, by far. I've had 3 Hondas now, an 02 Odyssey (still own), 05 Accord LXV6 and this 07 EXL. All have been totally reliable, never an unscheduled visit to the dealer. Accords are no BMWs, but do provide a good compromise of performance, price and comfort. The 4cyl (I4) engine has good performance for everyday driving. I rarely miss the power of the 240 bhp LXV6, not as much as I first thought. I switched to the I4 for 3 reasons, EX for LX-V6 price, daughter learning to drive (V6 too powerful), fuel economy. I averaged 26 mpg from the V6 and only average 27.5 from the I4 so far (5k miles), I was hoping for 30 mpg. 
Have had this car for a month now and have found it to be a blast to drive, very powerful and smartly designed interior. Last week in 85 deg heat, car wouldn't start--would turn over, but not catch. Dealer replaced fuel pump sensor module and said that should fix problem, but will it? Prob has not recurred, but only time will tell. Like the fact that it goes over 100K between tuneups, 7500 between oil changes, depending on the conditions you drive in. Beautiful paint job-- got a lot of complements on this car. Car could be better on gas, mileage average--have to use premium or mid range per the dealership. 
I've had my new EX V6 Navi for about 3 weeks and it's doing okay. My previous car was an IS 300 so this is a big difference in sizing and quality. I knew that there would be a new model in 2008 so I decided to save a lil cash on the highest model available now. I'm very happy with my purchase. Can't go wrong with this car. It has every single option available. Comfortable for long trips or during the daily grind on the LA freeways. What? No memory seats? Awww man...
Well, this supposed to be nice car with navi and v6. Well, the body is kinda weak, gets dents easily, paint chips, and brake and tires aren't so good for what I paid. Even though it is Honda, they should improve on those categories. I bought Honda for quality, but now their quality is getting poor. The seat is kinda uncomfortable compare to TL-S 2003, and compare to VOLVO T60 which I had. Also one of my dim lights is not working.
Turned in my leased Civic EX for this purchase. I know this is the last year before the newly designed Accord. The car rides solid and smooth. I feel a bit more protected on the open highway than in the Civic. The additional side/curtain airbags add confidence. The 4 cyl. is plenty of power for my world. My Civic was more fun to drive around town, but the Accord feels more secure at 70+ mph speeds. 
This is an excellent car. I bought it new and now, over a year later, this car has cost me nothing but gas. Smooth quiet ride, great stereo system, safety in mind all the way, easy and fun to drive.
Picked up this beauty 2 days ago. The vehicle so far has exceeded all my expectations. The ride is excellent, although on the firm side, but that is expected on this model. The craftsmanship and quality of materials and fit and finish are fabulous. The interior layout and roominess are premium. V6 is smooth and powerful. Auto transmission is very smooth and precise. I had considered a Pilot, but I am so happy I went with the Accord. You cannot believe how much room this car has until you sit in it. You cannot get more quality and enjoyment for your money. 
I really like my Accord SE 4cyl. It's roomy, gets great gas mileage, looks sharp, and drives a lot nicer then my 2002 Camry. My Camry has a very soft "Lincoln like" ride while my Accord has a more sporty ride. DON'T BUY THE HONDA MUSIC LINK IPOD CONNECTOR! Honda should not be selling this unit. It expensive ($289 inc/install), the functionality is useless, can't use the iPod controls when it's connected. Can't wait to see the 2008 model. 
Love everything about the car. The gas mileage is not panning out. On highway best mileage so far has been 27 MPG. On street stop and go I have gotten as low as 14 MPG.
As the current owner of 2 Mazda 6s V6s which I just handed over to my sons to take off to college in, I did not think I would like the 4 cylinder Accord. However, I am very impressed with this 4 cylinder. I have the 5 sp manual (as I do with the Mazdas) and the Honda engine is very impressive. Another thing I noticed is that the Mazdas are more of a driver's car in that they feel like they are going fast around the twisties; however the Honda takes the same curves at the same speed and makes it feel uneventful. After thinking about that I conclude that the Honda is actually the better handler, it just does not make an ordeal out of it. The fit and finish is superior to any car I have owned.
Although I am happy with my first Honda, I feel they are somewhat over-rated. The Accord EX-L V6 sedan's ride is very firm and can be punishing on some road surfaces. The paint has some orange peel and is very susceptible to stone chips and scratches, particularly on the front edge of the hood. Some of the ergonomics and features are quirky. However, it's averaging 23 MPG in a daily commute, and it looks great in Nighthawk Black Pearl.
Fun car to drive, great on gas. I have only had the car a week but I can't get enough of driving this, it is so quiet and handles great. I would recommend this car to anyone looking at mid size sedans. 
Have been driving the car for a month. Seats are not comfortable, a lot of wind and road noise. The dash has a consistent rattle which Honda has worked on twice. Rep from company is coming this week. We'll see what happens. Honda makes their cars so that they have a slight pull to the right which I do not like. This feature doesn't make the car fun to drive.Only the driver's seat has automatic seat adjustments and the lumbar control is on a different side of the seat. 
The Accords have always been great family sedans. I did expect a little more from mine, but then again, the car is meant to be driven with assured safety and reliability. The brakes warped at 3000 miles and were replaced under warranty. AC fan is loud. Also, a loud thumping wind sound is heard when rear windows are opened ,and rough engine noises when accelerating. But none of this bothers as much as the firm ride. This is the payoff for better cornering, but unforgivable in the streets of New York. Stick with the Camry in cities with many potholes. 
I very much enjoy my 2007 Honda Accord SE 4 cyl sedan. I am very suprised will the amount of power the engine has, not to mention that the tune up timing is far and few between. I hope that it will be able to keep the car running at the same quality that my current 2000 Honda Accord EX 6 cyl sedan has. Should I need to purchase another car I would look at the Honda Accord, as well as checking the market place for the best car for me. Given all things remaining the same i would have no trouble in purchasing the same 2007 Honda Accord SE 4 cyl sedan.
After driving a Mazda 6s for three years, I purchased a Honda Accord EX-L 5 sp manual with the 4 cylinder. The Honda is not the drivers car the Mazda is, however, this car has better quality throughout. After having the V6 in the Mazda, I was concerned that I would not be satisfied with the 4 cyl in the Honda. However, I am very impressed with the Honda 4 cyl. It has great torque and does a great job in this car.
I just purchased a new 2007 Honda Accord. I really didn't like the power of the engine. It could have more torque and horsepower. But overall I really like the 2007 Honda accord. I like to drive it but still don't feel the power. The smooth ride will give some a headache.
A solid car but one that has real but not fatal flaws. Build quality is very high but it does however have some quirks: the engine shut-off feature is too aggressive, especially in common stop-and-go traffic. The battery recharge process that occurs during braking causes a shudder towards the end of slowing to a stop (<10mph to 0 mph) almost like the car is trying to stall (which it doesn't). The steering is smooth and especially easy at slow speeds. Aggressive acceleration is fairly jerky as the motor assist comes and goes as the car shifts gears. Good news - most of this stuff is probably just software fixes. Bad news - Honda let this car out of the lab before it was totally baked.
This is my fourth Honda vehicle. So, far very happy with the performance and features. This has more room in the back seat than most other midsized sedans.
This is my first non GM or Ford car. I was so impressed by my son's 2005 Accord sedan I test drove a 2007 two door coupe and love the ride and wood accents on the interior. The 4 cylinder has plenty of pep, averages 26 mpg city/highway mix (31 mpg on the highway at 70 mph on a recent 1100 mile trip) and the transmission doesn't search for gears like the 2007 Camry I test drove. This car is Lexus quiet inside, even at highway speeds. I am 6 ft 4 and have plenty of room in this car and the seats are sooo comfortable. Fit and finish on this car is EXCELLENT. 10,567 miles and not even a minor problem yet. The XM radio came with the car & I didn't want it, but after 6 months I love it. 
Just received 2 weeks ago my new Honda Accord EX-L w/navi. It is my first Honda purchase after owning a Subaru Legacy. I love the light of dashboard and comfort of leather seats. The interior is amazing and the navi is so user friendly. If asked for same amount of money to choose a navi or a V6 I will opt for the Navi; it adds a dimension to traveling that a V6 will not give you (might be slower to unknown destination). Smooth drive.
I have owned several Hondas over the years. I have owned LXs, EXs, and CRVs. The '07 Accord has been very disappointing in regard to the ride compared to the previous models I have owned. It is like riding in a log wagon. On bumpy roads you feel every bump and the steering feels unstable. Does not have the solid feel of the previous Accords. Does fine on smooth roads but get ready to get your teeth rattled on bumpy roads at any speed.
A good car all around for the family. Nothing stands out negatively after a month of driving and 1000 miles. The gas mileage for city driving is close to the sticker (23.5) although that is trying to be easy on the motor during break-in. Performance is very good for a 4 cyl. and handling seems solid. The interior is comfortable and the controls are easy to operate, though the automation of the environmental system is a little complicated. If you just want to "vent" normally you have to check that the A/C is off, etc. My only complaint is the road noise is more than I expected.
Everything you expect in a Honda and more. Great options for the $. Living up to its reputation. Mileage estimates are accurate. 4cyl outperforms the 4cyl Camry. Very sharp looking.
Very smooth ride. I love the XM radio, dual climate control, and heated seat features. A high performing car with a luxurious feel. I have received several compliments on the car after owning it for just 3 weeks.
I had the car for about a year now, it is great! It gets the stated or higher mileage, and the manual transmission is a joy to go through. Heated leather seats are great for those cool days, the XM I can live without, but it's ok. No rattles, tight steering, it is a sport sedan for sure!!
Got my new Accord last month and it is a wonderful car! The design is top notch, and the 6 speed manual really makes this family sedan into a true driver's car. I would recommend this car to anyone who is in the market for a practical automobile that will give you some excitement when you want it to! The 244 hp V6 pulls strong in all situations and the manual transmission is smooth and easy to operate. The EX also has pretty much any option that you would look for in a car standard! Including leather, CD changer, alarm, power everything, heated seats. It doesn't get much better than this!
I only purchased this car 3 days ago, and I really love it. This is my 3rd new car in less then 2 years and I think I finally have found a great car. I test drove Camry, Milan, Elantra, I owned a 2006 Sonata did not like, On my first gas fill up I got 27 mpg city. Have not been on highway yet. Am thrilled w/gas mileage so far, can't wait to take it on a trip to see what I get. This is a great car, the EX had the features I wanted, the only add on was the Protection Package and I am going to add the auto-dimming mirror at a later time. I highly recommend this car.
Previous vehicle was a 2003 Honda Accord, and loved it so much was reluctant to trade it in, as I was afraid the new model would not be as good. That thought was gone forever once I drove the 07. It handles great, seems to be quieter, and the ride is luxurious. Very very happy.
After looking at all the competitors, going with the Accord was a no-brainer. With the navigation, this car feels to me like a true sport-luxury car. The fact that this car is entirely controlled by your voice is just amazing. Although I love the sound system, I find myself not using it so much because I am always having a conversation with the car! I went with the silver/black combo, and added dark tint and the rear wing spoiler to give it a little individuality. I could not be happier with this car. My father owns an 06 Acura TL - and I have to say, this car is SO close to that car. He agrees, and is kicking himself that he paid $6K more for a non-navigation TL! HA! 
This is one of the nicest mid sized sedans out there. It's roomy, quick, nimble, and has some really cool features. We crossed shopped this model with the Camry equivalent and the Accord just blew the Camry out of the water. It's a very nice step up from a 2000 Toyota Camry LE. The V6 is an extra nice feature. I don't know how we ever lived without a V6 in a midsized sedan. The power is always there.
I leased this car with 122 miles on it and at 800 miles I started hearing a loud popping noise coming from behind the driver. I have had it at two Honda dealerships, for a total of five times and was also assigned a Honda Rep out at their HQ in California. The rep says Honda relies on their dealerships and the dealerships say there is nothing wrong. It sounds like a piece of junk! Honda is not taking ownership for this poorly build car. I wouldn't buy or lease this car, and for that matter, considering the way Honda has handled this situation, I wouldn't buy or lease a Honda again either. 
This car is a pleasure to drive! It has all the power you need to do fast safe passing, to merge onto quickly moving urban highways with comfort and to have a little simple g-force fun. The idle stop engine is great for guilt-free driving on ozone alert days. The car creates its own serenity zone: no engine noise while waiting at stop lights, good road noise damping on rough, patched highways, and one sweet little sound system. I also like the fact that it has 4 cup holders for the front seat and dual climate controls. The fuel economy is quite good for such a powerful, fun-to-drive car. I won't say we're saving money on gas though, because we do more driving just for the fun of it now.
Picked up demo on 03/13/07 with 5100 miles. Excellent ride, very comfortable leather seats. Car should have headlights that turn on automatically and should have mirrors that dim automatically too. Should have an MP3 plug too. I bet these items will be in the revised 2008 model. I was considering a G35 but it seemed too tight inside and the steering wheel seem very small. Loving my first Honda.
Last October, I was excited to buy this car because I trust Honda's quality. Unfortunately, it is not true. One month after the purchase, I feel that the transmission hesitates when accelerating. Three months later, I always hear a KNOCKING NOISE coming from the front of the DRIVER SIDE whenever I stop or lightly accelerate. This made me very nervous. Now, it is even more trouble. One day, when I tried to break at a sharp turn at about 30 MPH, I could feel that the break suddenly stuck for a very short time. Does anybody have an idea? This makes me very nervous. I am considering trade in the car if the break keeps sticking when taking sharp turn.
This is the 6th Honda I've owned, and the 2nd new accord. I have everything from mechanical problems to RUST in a 4 year old car! Very disappointed, Toyota next buy!
This is probably one of the best new cars on the market for the 'average' household income. Finally a good car that 'most' people can afford. My purchase was the SE V6 model that offers improvements over my previous 03 Nissan SE, except hp which i'll be glad to make that trade. Road noice in the honda but that's because of the 17" tires that just about every-every- every manufacturer is going to. My 1st honda was a CRX when i was 15 years old and it had 13" tires, guess those days will never come back when you can buy a set of 4 good tires for $200! Should we call that progress?- guess we have no choice. Overall, my hat goes off for the makers of the 07 Honda SE. 5 speed tranny is a plus. 
Just purchased first ever Honda for our family- very nice car great deal in Feb. Only drawback is mileage is not near what was expected. Sticker says 24 city and I haven't had a fill up with mileage above 18.1 mpg yet. I still am extremely happy with my purchase and plan on keeping the car for at least 10 years. Well designed car, good visibility for a shorter person(very few blind spots) I like where all the controls are situated- easy to reach- no looking away while driving. 
great car, fun to drive, fast and good on gas, good workmanship, has lots of head room on the inside and easy to get into.
Handles curves well with great acceleration. Doesn't have all the toys, but has all you really need.
Was expecting all round goodness but was surprised and disappointed by this car. Was not going to buy a new car but the president's day sale made it all worthwhile. I like sporty cars but this car does not know how to smother a sharp jolt. Sends it right to your bone. May be the 17" rims. Steering is stubborn when you just want to make small corrections to your line. The sunroof is so far back that most of the time you will not realize it is there. Access to storage is not convenient, you will have to snake your arm through obstacles and make awkward contortions to access any main pockets. The rear view mirror blocks the sun visor's movement. Creaks and groans. Plenty of blind spots
After a good experience with an 02 EX V6, I expected a lot from my 07 EX V6. After 5K miles, I'm a bit disappointed. The 07 is a step forward in some areas, but a step back in others. The engine is stronger, and noisier. The automatic shifts more smoothly, but less responsive. Handling has improved and there's less kickback through the wheel, but ride quality has eroded and the steering is less communicative. The 02 was roomy, with a large back seat. The 07 has comfier seats but feels cramped, especially in back. Gas mileage is equal at 23 MPG city. While the 02 was a nice blend of everything, the 07 tries to be more sports sedan than family sedan, and ultimately fails at being both.
Went from a 2003 Altima 4 cyl. to the 2007 6 cyl. Accord, so the comparison is a little unfair, but I have been very impressed with the Honda's power and handling. The fit, finish and build quality on the Honda are far superior to the Nissan--the Accord feels like a Mercedes Benz compared to the Altima!
I traded a 1998 Civic EX for this, so I LOVE the seats- even after 18 hours of driving. Cloth seats may be more comfortable than the leather ones. Love that this car does NOT stand out, especially given my long break-in history. Motor is perfect: Smooth, powerful, and upper 20's in mixed driving. I feel a shudder from 1st to 2nd when the car is warmed up and vibration in tires from 45-65 when temps are 60 or below. The former appears to be caused by a TSB that my dealer says only applies to 03-05 Accords, and I'm guessing the flat spots reported on another reviewer's tires may be what I have on mine. If I can fix the former and confirm cause on the latter I'll keep her. I LOVE that motor!!
I have driven more in the past 2 years due to many factors. I'm really lucky to have had this Honda. Very happy with the V6, great pick up. I call it peppy, handles great, feels sporty to me. I like to keep my car clean. Well the seats are a problem, they are like a lint brush. They are always covered in lint and hair no matter how much I clean them. Seats are comfortable to me, 6'2" big fellow. I had a used 96 Accord and thought it was a nice car too. I will look at getting a new Accord when the time comes. 
I just traded my lease in for a horrible '09 Civic. Boy do I miss my Accord! Great styling, smooth ride, loved the trunk space and LED tail lights, engine performance was fabulous. Had enough room for two car seats in the back with room for an adult to sit as well.
I have had this since 07 August and this is my second accord and second review. After driving it for more than 40k miles I am noticing some defects. When it's cold it's harder to shift the 3rd gear since mine is a stick shift. Also I hear some rattling noise in the front and and some noise under the stereo. Breaks and the clutch is fine so far and regular oil changes are done at Honda Dealerships. It has a great pickup when shifting gears since its a stick shift. No matter what it is a great econobox even after 40k but wouldn't buy an accord again cos I'm getting bored with this car...By the way 2 months after I bought the car I had to take it back to replace noisy drivers seat.
What can you say, it is a Honda. Love the accord vehicle since 1990. My family has been driving them since. I owned an 84 accord too as a beater and raved about that one too. My 07 replaced an inferior 00 civic ex. So glad for the upgrade, now the wife has taken it from me until I get her the pilot she wants. SOLID, RELIABLE AND DEPENDABLE. What's not to love.
I bought my Accord as a certified pre owned from a dealership and have put 15000 miles on it (30000 total on car). Rotors are really useless, had to resurface them even with gentle use. Seats are very stiff and start hurting after couple of hours. There are multiple rattles and noises from within the car and road noise is awfully loud!! I have to turn up the volume to listen to the stereo. Fuel economy is average, I get 26 highway and city combined. Also, there is no easy /cheap way to connect iPod/MP3 player to the stereo, have to buy expensive adapter. Overall, driving is pleasurable (better than Camry), feels responsive & agile but definitely not the best.
I drove about 40000 miles on this car, and I had almost no problems with it. Excellent reliability, fuel economy, handling in dry and wet conditions. The only thing that causes problems is the new design of the driver's seat. From 1999 to 2007 I drove an Accord EX 1999, and that one had a great driver's seat. The 2007 version has a new seat design, and this caused me a lot of back pain. I already paid over $2000 to a chiropractor. The headrest cannot be lifted high enough to make it comfortable. Removing and discarding the headrest makes it feel better, but this increases the danger of whiplash injury in an accident. 
Our 2007 Honda Accord EX-L V6 is a great family sedan. We purchased this when the 2008 model year change came out so we got a great deal. I prefer the 2007 to the new Accords as the new ones are much too large in my opinion. Build quality and conveniences are above average. This car really approaches its luxury segment cousins (Acura, Lexus, Infiniti) but not quite. The leather used seems a little leatherette-ish, and parts creak a bit on bumpy roads/cold days. Highway mileage is not so great. I don't drive super aggressively but I have yet to exceed 24mpg when EPA sticker said 20/29.
5th accord 4 cyl. Owned since 1991. Gas mileage great, Cruise set at 75, got 34 mpg on 800 mile trip, after 6500 mile break-in. But some quality issues never had on older Accords - brake rotors shake and brake fade on long steep hills. Even with leather option, seats comfort in front is terrible even on 100 mile trip. I am a serious car collector and insist on quality and reliability, the reason I have been with Honda all these yrs. But Honda is starting to lower their standards, the very thing that put them on top. This is the first time I have ever had reason to question the build quality of this brand car. Honda, stop the bleeding! What a great business model, save this product! 
18 months after purchasing our 2007 Accord LX, the front-end began vibrating during braking. We took the car in, being that it was still under warranty, and were told that the rotors needed to be turned--the brake pads were fine. Of course, the rotors are not covered under the warranty. I have been told by the dealership, including the general manager, that it is not uncommon for rotors to need turning within 2 years or 30,000 miles. That is absurd, especially given the manner in which the car has been driven. It is obvious that Honda used inferior quality rotors on this vehicle. I wonder what other parts are defective?
Car is excellent in nearly all respects, but the gear box should be illuminated for easier, safer use. The gear you're driving in should be clear when you move the shift lever. You shouldn't have to consult the dashboard to see if you're in drive or reverse, especially at night.
Car is excellent in nearly all respects, but the gear box should be illuminated for easier, safer use. The gear you're driving in should be clear when you move the shift lever. You shouldn't have to consult the dashboard to see if you're in drive or reverse, especially at night.
70 MPH on Hwy gets me 33 mpg and conservative city driving gets me 29 mpg You lead foots are still getting decent mileage. I understand your desire, it's fun to drive.
Excellent car for that money. Easy on the pedal. Always have feeling that you have control over the car. It's a big car but you will control it like a smaller car. The inside is roomy. Overall, the car is great.
The 'O7 for my wife is the second in this series of Accord. I have an 'O4 that is leaving for a TL. Love the car. Obviously with the 04, as well as multiple Accords previously, we knew what to expect. Only regret is not getting the navigation system...wife chose the V6 over that, but I had to get her a Garmin Nuvi660 for Christmas! 
The Accord has excellent power and a smooth shifting tranny, very strong stereo and cd player is great. Heat works well can't comment on AC until summertime. The brakes are very touchy and require very little effort, stops quickly and predictably. Fit and finish are excellent but drivers seat is short and doesn't give the support most will need if they are more than 5' 5" tall. Head room adequate for those 6'. Center armrest doesn't extend far enough for me. I can barely use it. The ergonomics of the cockpit are with larger and taller drivers in mind.
This is my 4th Accord and I won't be turning my back on Honda anytime soon. I love everything about but the touchy brakes and the speakers could have better sound quality. (for factory it's pretty good though) I love the mileage, averaging 30 mpg city/highway. The engine has plenty of power for a 4 cylinder and it's very quiet as well. No nasty noises coming from under the hood. Interior build/materials is great too. 
2006 & 7 sedan owners check your dash. I had to have the glove box replaced because it was not aligned properly and made a noise. The old one and the new one both have a dimple or sink mark in them. You'll also see one on the lower portion of the dashboard on the driver's side. Honda says that "sink marks are usually hidden by the graining but not on this dashboard. Regarding the question of replacing it with another dashboard, it will have the same type of sink mark so replacement is not recommended." So basically they got junk from their source and we're stuck with it. Another unsightly area is the pass. side airbag, it looks like a sticker was there then removed and left a mark. 
This is our 3rd Honda and I must say Honda really builds a great vehicle every button is where you expect it to be works like it should and is as trouble free and user friendly as a vehicle should be my wife and I are Honda owners for life 
I have been looking over the Accord for a while. The SE I feel is a great value. Think LX with Wheels and nice interior and upgraded sound. I bought the Accord for Invoice which I feel was a far price and with the lease special I pay in the 200s with tax per month. Great sales experience except for finance. Tried to force a security system on me. Didn't even try and sell it. Paul Honda Rocks!
Yes indeed very pleased...The drive is smooth with great acceleration surprisingly for a 4 cylinder. It's great on gas (24 city/34 highway). It has a nice subtle and sleek interior metal trimming on the door (black seats/carpet). Overall you get a car with a subtle and sleek design that's economical and will hold its value. 
I purchased this Accord a little over a month ago. I usually don't write reviews but wanted to tell everybody about what a great car this really is. Where to begin: 1) The seats are incredibly comfortable 2) All the controls are exactly in the right places 3) probably the best navigation system I have ever used 4)Smooth and quiet ride 5) 4 cyl provides more than enough power - unless you love speed, lol. I test drove the following cars before settling on the Accord: 07 Camry, 07 Mazda6, Ford Fusion, Nissan Maxima, Acura TSX. All those cars were great but there was also something that didn't sit well with me. The Accord fit perfectly. I've owned many cars and this is my fav!
I had a sedan and find the handling better on the coupe. It has plenty of power for a 4 cylinder engine and handles well.
First time to drive a sedan. This car is so smooth, nice handling and very steady to drive. Horse power is excellent and it is there if you need it. It is probably the best family car you could have.
We began looking at the Honda Civic but discovered that for a few hundred dollars more we could purchase an Accord. The Value Package includes front and side airbags, cruise control, anti-lock brakes, power windows, remote entry and locking, air conditioning with filtration, and a CD/Radio combination. The four cylinder engine and five speed transmission is smooth and peppy.
I just traded in my '02 Civic EX for something a little 'nicer'. It's not that the Civic was a bad car, but if you do a LOT of highway driving then you understand how much of a nuisance excessive road noise becomes. The Accord EXL offers an excellent, smooth ride with adequate power even in the 4cyl version. The body is well insulated and provides much less road noise than my previous Honda without feeling overly "heavy" as some sedans do. The interior feels every bit as nice as our '01 3-Series and offers many of the same amenities, but at a much lower price tag. The transmission is very smooth and the dashboard is a work of art in and of itself. I highly recommend this car to anyone.
This car is by far the best value for the money. Very quiet and smooth ride, plenty of acceleration, excellent gas mileage, and extremely comfortable. This Honda is amazing!
I have a 2001 EX 4cylinder manual, and it is a very good car with good acceleration. The purchase of the EX V6 manual is "my response" to those drivers who hate being passed and try to accelerate when they are being passed. The 6 speed is perfect for passing and provide smooth and quiet acceleration when zipping around those sour puss as they stomp the gas pedal. The car meets all my performance, safety and passenger needs. As stated before, I wish it had the MP3 jack instead of an IPOD adapter. And for the headlights not being HID...pay attention to the road and it will become unnecessary. The lights are bright enough, but I added brighter lights and adjusted aim and attention span.
I got this 07 accord after turning in my 04 accord coupe. I was looking to just upgrade to a coupe with leather, but after looking at the 4 dr I noticed the nice style. And after I test drove it, I realized it was just as great as a coupe. I only wish the tires were a bit quieter and less wind noise. But one has to remember you're not in a vacuum sealed place, and it's not like you are driving a Ferrari or Maybach. Still you cannot beat Honda's quality!
We began our search for a car by looking at Honda Civics but discovered that the Value Package Honda Accord cost only a few hundred dollars more. It comes with many useful features including remote entry, an anti-theft system, cruise control, a CD/radio, a maintenance minder system, a peppy 4 cylinder engine with a smooth five speed transmission, air conditioning, lights in the glovebox and trunk, anti-lock brakes, front and side airbags, and power windows.
Well I just purchased a new Accord 07 LX V6 Sedan and so far I am very pleased with it. I upgraded from an Accord 04 LX 2.4L Coupe. So much leg room, the sunroof, power seat... 6 cd changer (in dash). 
Very few know that you can get an accord V6 with 244 hp and a S2000 6 speed manual transmission. The car is really a less luxury version of the Acura TL type S. It is fast, quiet, responsive, and just saucy!! All that, plus a lease payment under $300 including tax! This car has a sensible and ergonomic interior, a great sound system, carbon fiber look accents, great trunk, and good looks
This is my fourth Honda Accord since 2002. Had a 2002 6 cylinder coupe, loved it but hated the auto. Got a 2003 6 cylinder Sedan w/auto hated the car, suspension was the worse. The 2004 Sedan w/4 cylinder 5 speed totally built in Japan was awesome!! 100,000 miles in 2 years, no problems except for tires. This was corrected w/ Bridgestone LSVs. BUT the 2007, 6 cylinder w/ 6 speed is totally great. Honda did it all with this car! Will change tires soon. Stock Michelins are lame. Would put this car against Lexus IS 250, Cadillac CTS, Volvo, ACURA TSX and more. Thanks for listening Honda, you hit a home run with this car. Got great deal as dealer did not want the 6 speed on the lot. TOO BAD!!!
Ride is uncomfortable. Dangerously pulls to the right, either not aligned properly or there is a manufacturing defect, gas mileage is less than I got on a Buick LeSabre. Very disappointed in this car. Would not recommend it to anyone.
I looked at both the 07 SE Camry and Accord. I was more impressed by the Camry stylish body. I purchased the Accord primarily because of the interior features: More horsepower and torque, both audio and cruise on the steering wheel, standard 6 CD changer, rear seat folding with lockable pass through, and standard security system. Also, Honda cars are very reliable. I drove a 95 Honda Civic for 9 years. I am getting between 27 to 29 combined miles. One of my favorite feature is the Oil Life Display. Currently, I have 5000 miles on my new new Honda and the Oil Life is 30%.
It is fun to drive and all, the exterior look is fine but the inside is very basic and the seat are owful and very very uncomfortable especially during long drive, even my old accord 92 was better. 